.................................................................
1.1 -- 1.34 done
.................................................................

XXX

'ADA I—SUTRA 35. 
33 
Era Cognition resulting from sensuous 
Objæts may be the of 
one who «'ncentrate (his mind) on the tip of the 
the wa.cioasaeu of saperpbi.ical doar is the die— 
Eon of smell; by concentration on the tip of the tongue. the 
of taste ; that of eoloar. ia the ; tb.t of 
in the centre of the ; and of sound at the 
the These when bind 
the internal organ to remove all doubt, and 
the unlit.tive wisdom. A similar objective cog— 
nition i. to with regard to the cogniticn. the 
san. the pl.neb, the gan and like. 
noagh all principle, at through tbe various scienæ•, 
infereaea and the instructions of tacbers, are always traq— 
•gents have the of expounding only 
true long even single Byrtion thereof 
h" not E*en amenable to one's own sense•rgans, the whole 
it far removal, and •neb not tring •Ennt 
of the internal organ with regard to sach .nWe 
I.ol.tion sad the like. Therefore Rx tbe nke of 
*rengthening the xientißc, inferential and tutorial 
one 'boald always try to directly perceive any one of the 
And whea particular portion of 
dodrine been directly perceiv«l, then the •gent gains 
Gith in even the subtlest elements thereof, ending in Isolation. 
For this reason is this (objective coognition) called the 
or emt»llishment of the internal organ." 
With regard to the non-fixed (i. e. stray) cognitions, when 
there bas been prodaced the Consciou.snets of having aubdued 
(Vaawraunjnå) with regard thereto, then would it (the in- 
tern•l organ) be earAble of directly perceiving the varioas 
object'. And On this will follow unimpeded. faith, energy, 
memory and 
5 
34 
Sutra 
Cox—Add when pralnc«l can* the stadinæ 
of mach to be continua (fnm 
the aphoria» The prception (or u.nxioasne..) of the 
internal bel«nging to one who axe. on the Jotas of the 
hart. i. of two kinds: (l) The the otieetive, and 
(2) the pare egotism or self-conscioa.ne.. which latter dis— 
ti0a is also the •laminous whereby the intern.l 
egan or the "i attains to The internal organ in 
it. —neu i. effulgent and like the sky; and the disrxNitia 
ane to the parity of st-e.dine.s therein. develop into the form 
of the brightne. of the san, the moon, the planet. and the 
precious gems. Similarly, the internal organ, 
similar to the 
water. of the ocan, calm and in connection herewith 
i. "(The agent), having thought the •tomic •elß 
the of, I 
37. 
35 
(37kOr internal its 
the 
ex—The internal crg•a the "i, coloard by 
the internal of of 
etaia sødin—. 
Era de—ng knowledge raul- 
ting from 
interul organ, depending on the know- 
lage in dreams. that in slep, and becotniag of the 
Erm u to 
by •carding Co one" 
ought to mditate apn tbe oliea which is 
his liking. The internal organ, having 
in that, will be able to attain to it elsewhere also. 
from the 
•tom infinite 
thinking applying the mind) on minau 
ouecta (the Yn•eqair. (with regard to objeots 
up to the minutest atom ; and by thinking On the grm• 
be attains to the of the internal organ, 
to the utmost limit of infinity. Tha. then (to the 
'bo ran. over both these ends, belong. non-bafflement 
(or non-disturbance) ; and this i' supreme •Mastery." The, 
internal organ of the Yogi, having become accomplishei 
through this mastery, no longer stands in need of the puriåca- 
t.ions brought about by practice (Or exercise). 
Sutra (41) him of over-powera functions, like 
that of a clear gem, there regard to the 
cogniser, the mans of cognition, and the cognised 
—the modificaüon, conscioåsaess or state of simila- 
rity, identity, or cosubtantiation with these, of 
that which rests in them. 
Com To him of ore'Fu.•eredJunctiona "—To One whose 
cogitations have l»en suppressed. Like that of a clear gem" 
only cites an example. A. rock-crystal, affected by the 
fortns of the several *Cts (presented to it), appears similar 
to them ; so the internal organ, being affected by its object, the 
••eognis«l," and thereby assuming its character, appears in the 
"me form. That which is affected by minute element', 
assnmcs their character, and as euch appean in the same 
form ; similarly that which is affected by a 
assn mes its character and hence appears in a grq*S ; 
and lastly, in the same manner, that which is affected by the 
various uodiåcations of the universe, assumes the character 
42. 
87 
of •ach modifications, and as sach in tbe same form. 
the m.uner, 'e shoald fod with regard to the 
Man. of u.guitioa," i.e. the sense-organs. (The internal 
wg.a) by the senseorgans, •num. their character 
•ach in the Sitnilarly, When it is 
affected by the co'a•uisiug agent object, it his 
Character as sach appears form; and in the 
becowiog affected by the Free Spirit, it become. ideut,ial 
therewith, and heae appears iu that form. 
Sach is the charwcter of the internal organ, similar to that 
or trunq•reut consisting iu its identity. on 
t.uwtt.ers relating co tbe eoguiser, the tne•u• of 
mgaition aud the coguised, i. e. to the spirit, the sense-organ. 
the eletnent..—with these (cogniser &c.), of that which 
ret. ia them (in this c." the internal organ itself). And 
this is called Sanapåti (eooditioo, tnodification or con. 
nioasoe..). 
(S) N.•tun 
(42) argumentative condition is that 
which is with the modificstiun of words, mun- 
ing and urderstandiog (or idea.) 
for example, we and that with regard to the 
three the word, •cow' the meaning or obj«st, 
and •cow' the knowledge or idea—we have au undifferenti.t«i 
joint Frception, though the three are really distinct from 
Oae another. Where however. they are differentiated, there 
•te sowe pruFrties of the word, of the weaniug. 
36 
and again or the ida.—Snch is the way of their dif- 
ferenti.tion. If the object , rising to the contemplative 
eon.cioa.na. of the yogi engaged in the •for—aid ( fanci- 
fal Freeption). happens to by the modification 
of end then it become of ap 
condition, end i. the •sargumentative." 
When on the other hand. in the contemplative conscions• 
Which is fre from all notions of 
well from all m«xlific.t.ion of knowledge dae to valid 
tetimony and there appars the object in 
its own form, characterised by nothing bat this form 
'lone ; and that condition is the Non—argumentative. This 
is the prception ; and it is the root of valid testimony 
and of these arising from it. Such • perception 
annot nid to in the comr•ny of knowlelge dae 
•nertioa •od inference. Therefore the perception of the 
yogi to non—argumentative Meditation, i. unmixed with 
any other kind of right notion : and the explain. 
deanition of chi. andition, by 
the nlowing •ph«ism 
Era (43) non-argumentative is that in 
vhich, the dinoluEon of the maning 
(or •lone, is apl•rent, and which 
if devoid of own identity. 
Cont—All verW convention, with regard to know. 
Idge dae to tetimony and inference, and memory, baying 
consciousness, eoloar«i by the firm of 
the object of «gnition (aeeeptanee), for—kes, it Vere, 
of its own which constitnted by 
cad of the Orm or the 
—i. e. the form or the "ect of (wcepunce or) 
nitiou ; and this (consciousness) is the non—argumentative 
mndition. nas hu this been (in the pre— 
remarks to this aphorism). 
of this the of 
or itWiitn.te. which consists (re—rely) in the object 
'bole (in the of animate objæta) or in a prticalg 
minute (in the of inanimate 
objects), sad which give rise to unitary consciousness (i. e. 
the conscion.nes. of the •s •ingle whole). Thi. 
agglomeration (the grcN ob*ct.) is the 
proprty or the minute r.rtieles (constituting it) ; and sach 
mn.titnting their very nature. it is infrrr«l from the manifoted 
(the notion of the object a whole). •ad pre.ents 
it.elr. Uroagh agencie Wing to it. manifestation ; and die 
the app.r.nce of Other proprtia (of the same 
rartieles). This •me property (daeribd ) i. called 
the component (whole), which i. •one. large, 
gible, .ctive, sod transient' ; it i' by of .och 
corupnent whole that basine— is On. One to 
•hom •ach agglomeration is nothing (and the 
of abstract prception and whom • minute (or subtle) 
anse is imperceptible (even to undeterminate per— 
eption sach one, there no component whole, 
.11 knovldge would be false"lse kno.l«lge having ben 
defined notion abiding in form which is not th•t of the 
(.ph. 7). And under the circnm.t•nee. there being no 
objet, what N•ald be his true knowl«ige? Whatever 
prceiv«l has decided to be component •bole. 
TVefore it mast be "mitted that there i. component 'bole, 
the ange of largeness which bæom• the 
01 the 
notion 
Ot Obi"' • 
Ana 
ot tb• by it. 
Sutra this, the deliberative and the non• 
deliberative, pertaining to subtile objects, are 
dewribed. 
Com tb.t condition is called the • deliberative' 
which pertains to the sabtile Element', *hose properti• 
have manifest.«l, and which are by a 
notion of their place, time and canse. of this aleo that 
which the object of Meditative consciousness 
sach a sabtile element as is qualifiel by an appwrent pro- 
pert', and amenable to Unitary eon.cionsnas ( see above 
On the Other hand, the non-deliberative wndition is tb•t 
45. 
.vhich appertains in .11 ways and by all means to sach 
object. ere free from the specialis.tion of all 
• properti• present, future. and yet accompanied 
properties, •ad containing them. Being of 
character, the sabtile Element by mesas of this same 
Ortn becomes object (of perception), and such 
.mloars (or 'Tects) the form of meditative conscionsuess. 
, W this loses its identity (form) and 
solely ia the object, it is the "non—deliberative." 
Or these the argatnentative and the non-argumentative 
"pertain to grins (extended) objects, whereu the "deliber•• 
and the •s non-deliber.tive" appertain to the subtile 
Thus .180 by this very "non-argumentative" (conditioo) 
hu been described the detraction of f.qcy with regard 
both. 
by 
Sutra (45) Subtile terminates in 
the ind"uble. 
the the odoriferous Element is the 
•abüle or the, Aqneoas, the tAste-Element; of the 
the colour—Elemeut; of the Aerial, the tactile Elemeut ; 
6 
42 
of (did"), the sonnd-Element ; of these (the radi— 
ment•ry Elements), again, is •nbtile 
object; of self-consciousne", the dissoluble" (Bnddhi); 
this Buddhi tm the sabtile object is the "Indissoluble" (Na- 
And there is no subtile entity the " Indissoluble' 
If it be urged Spirit is such a sabtile entity."— 
•we reply—true; the subtility of the Spirit (with regard to 
Nature) is not of the character 's that of N 'tare 
Baddbi. "What is it then" Spirit is not the material 
of the "dissoluble," thongh i' i' an instrumental 
Therefore the subtilnt of the snbtile terminate. in Nature. 
Sutra verily constitute •'seded" me 
ditation. 
four conditions have external objects for their 
"ed ; «»n.eqnently the mditation i. seeded. Among these, 
that *ith regard to grins objæts, is argumentative and 
••noa.rgamentative," and that with regard to •nbtile 
is deliberative and four—bld 
numbered. 
Sutra the purity of the non-deliberative, 
internal perspicuity. 
consists in the steady ' enrrent—nntaintd 
by Tama. and Raj" und benee clear of the principle or 
spiritual consciousuess, consisting in brightness (or illumi- 
nation ) and free from the touch of all masking imparitié. 
• When this parity .ccrne to non-deliberative meditation, thea 
to the belongs "internal e. a clear 
vision, irr•pective of .11 eqaence, •ith regard to 
48. 
; i. •The wise raching to the perspi— 
caity u»a.ciousnen, lcnk apn beings, as a man on 
top doe. upon on the ground 
of (other) while being himself unthinkable." 
Sutra (48) is truth-baring. 
Cn.—Daring the 'for—id the conscioasn•s of 
the mditative one, has the name of "truth-bearing;" and 
this name i. applicable literally; because sach con.ciousne. 
supports trath alone, there being not a trace untrath ; 
"By valid testimony, by inference, by 
!epet.fal exercise of contemplation, bringing abut big 
cioasn.s, one attains to .aprene union (Ma)." 
And this again— 
Sutra (49) different from thon 0t 
revaled inferential 
i•efen r•rticulars. 
knowledge dae to the •criptare 
Shi. refers to generals; for certainly the scripture an never 
denote particulars. Why? the word (On Which 
revelation is baaed) has not its bued on r.rticul.r.. 
Similarly inference also refers to generals alone t (The 
typial form of inference appr«nch is, there in 
and where there is non-appr«ncb, there is no 
Inference to concln•ions by There— 
fore there an be no prticalarity which can be the object or 
dther revelation or inference. Nor is this •nbtile, vend 
and magnificent object (of mdit•tion) •men.ble to 
Frception. Nor, lastly, deny the existence 
44 
YOOA-DABASABA. 
sach a prtical.r, as nnprovd. Therefore this particular 
object—whether pertaining to the •abtile Elements to 
Spirit—is amenable to meditative conscionenes. alone. There- 
fore the aforesaid consciotunns an object different from 
of revaled and inferential oonwioasnes, because it 
appertain. to particulen. 
Sutra (50); The impression or Nsidum due this 
is contr«liceory to 
impre€on (residnam) arising from meditative 
conscioasne. obtracts the residuum of impression 
by the worldly ex.ndition (Vyntthana). And the impræion. 
of the worldly condition having been sappreseed, the cogni- 
'ions due tothese are no longer produced; and these cog" 
tions being suppressed, meditation for.ard; then 
follows meditative consciousness. aad in its wake, thi 
impressions podoeed by that consciousness. Thus 
new residuum of impressions is pr&laæi giving rise 
a frah supply of consciousness, 'bich again in it. turn 
vonld bring about fresh (Question): "Where- 
this excess of impressions not e. 
function, or to the internal Organ"? (Reply); The 
impressions brought by the •foresaid do 
not give power to internal organ; they •re 
means of the remov.l of ; in fact they serve to 
the interns! organ from its functionings: for the functioning* 
of the internal Organ bas ita termination discriminative 
in wisdom. 
W hat to this? (Reply): 
&tra the sup—on of this also,all being 
(there is) meditation without seed. 
I—SVTRA 51. 
45 
Can.—And this is an obstacle not only to mditative cons. 
cioasnæ, bat also to all impressions produced by this cons— 
Why? Because impressions produced by 
sappræion always obstruct Chose pruluced by meditation. 
And the existence of impressions, by the suppressive 
mind, i. to inferred from the experience of the sequence 
'f time with regard to the suppressed state of the internal 
«ga.n. The internal organ resolves itself into its own per- 
manent Prakriti (nature,) along with all the impressions, 
pr«iaca by the waking, the 'oppressed and the meditative 
nnditions. p.rt.king of isolation. Therefore sach impres- 
•iOaS •re to the activity of the internal organ. 
do not lead to its continuance. Aud thereby the 
teraal organ, dive.t«l of its functions, desist. 'long with tho 
impression. of the isolated state On the snppre.sion of 
Chin, the Spirit abide. in it. own form, end hence i' called 
TOGA. DARASAXA. 
..........................................................................
SECTION 11. 
or YEANS TO MEDITATION. 
The Yoga belonging to one of pecified mind, been 
expandd. Now begins the ( consideration of the question) ; 
•HOW wonld one mind is in the waking (worldly) 
schieve Yoga P 
Sutra Study, and Resignation to 
God constituu Active • Preliminary Yoga. 
Con. '—Yoga i. not achieved by the non-ascetic. A.cetici.m 
is a mans (to Yoga because without asceticism it i. im- 
to distend the of) imparities, in 
the of sensuous objects, and with endleø 
Sction., amrction., and desire.. And the asceticism ( here 
meant) i. the undistorted or ancheck«.l Face of mind which 
is to be striven after by the yogi—.nch has been deal.r«l 
in the Eripture.. "Study "—the repetition of the •crd 
yord., the Pran.va and the rest, or the study of the Eienæ 
trating of Liberation. 
Reaignation to God "—the offering of all actions to 
Snpreme Teacher or venerable ( God or the relinquishment 
ot their fruit.. 
the to Y%••. In his Ot 
•Ione to 
Study "—Aph. Chap. 11 
And this Active 
Sutra ( 2 ) for the contemplation of Samadhi 
and for the atunuation of distractions. 
Con —Active Yoga, being striven after, leads to the 
cognition of Samadhi, and attenuate the distr.ction• ; 
PADA 4. 
47 
end thas 
to have their r.x»ts barnt up it were by the fire of wiuiom, 
end tha. to be depriv«l of their prOctive capacity. 
They having attena.t«i, the descriminative knowledge 
of difference between the material attributes and the 
Spirit, being untainted by distractions, and thns constituting 
the subtle it' functions finished, aud 
at the di.wlation ( literally, retrograde 
Nov .b•t are the distraction.. and bow tnauy are they ? 
( Reply ) 
( S ) : —Ignoranw, Egoism. Desire, Aversion, 
and Atuchment are the five distractions. 
Con Distractions that i. to say the ave miscon- 
.ceptions ( These issuing forth strengthen the pouxr 
or the attributes. establish the modification'. 
the current of and effect. and lastly , 
ing apn mataal aid. bring oot the fructification of Karma. 
• apl•in it that the eve distractions 
&tra ( 4 ) is the breeding ground for 
that follow—I rhether they be ) dormant, weak, 
or operative. 
Con '—Here Ignorance is the breeding ground i 
ibe productive ground of the following Egoism and the 
Which •re assumed to of four kinds—dormant, weak, 
and operative. 
of i' dormancy It is the germ condition 
or the distractions abiding in the mind only by their 
latent pteacy (i. e. not yet existing in rality). The 
of th•e in their to their 
pective obj&t•. For One, ho has wisdom, and 
"d of Whose distractions has been bnrut 
exist. even, the of the For. 
the Spronting of burnt seed For this the 
distractions are an end, is called the 
(Lit. The Lad-Wy). It is only in such tx»dy, end no 
•here else, distractions attain the fifth condition— 
wherein the has been burnt. In that condition the 
existing distractions have their prodactive faculty burnt 
and even on proximity of the object' 
no awakening. Thus has been d.cribed "dormancy 
the non-pr«laction of the burnt seed.. 
Weaknes is (now) described : Distractions become 
b' being pat down by pr•ctice•. 
and •gain, they again by 
mans their resp«tive are tbns said to 
•i How ? B«an.eanger is not seen simnlt•- 
nma.ly with attachment. For certainly anger not 
operate st time when Chere is attachment. And farther, 
the of existing •ith regard to one 
to the inference of the absence of attachment 
with regard to (all) other objects. For the assertion tb•t 
to One woman not lead to the 
conclusion be •n aversion towards Other 
women all that i. meant by the former assertion i. 
Attachment is alrady in operation with regard to the parti- 
colsr woman, whereas with regard to Other women it bas 
got • ptency to become operative some fatnre time. Ard 
( diAractioa endued with a futnre potency ) 
49 
dormant or or intercept-d. That which is alrady 
with regard to it. o*t., is said to be "operative". 
All these do go beyond the •mits or distraction. 
Which distraction then, is intercepted, dormant, weak or 
operative ? This will be explain«i Ister on. True—bat they 
h.ve t»en said to "intercepted &c.•• only with regard to 
their particular phase.. As it i' sappressed by e)ntrary 
it is by manifesting 
All thne distractions are forms of ignorance. Why? 
Beaase Ignorance Frv.de. through all of them. The form 
that Ignorance give. to object, by that form alone do 
'be distractions abide ; and they are found to exist simulta- 
nwasly with misconception. well a. to dinppar with 
Tie re—on given is that the 
q in the one 
•ad not going to there no 
ot In nnnoC 
0t o*tion that the •Ione •re the distr•o- 
the others • • • • •t •Il 
that ot 
in the suitable 
CO With 
intercept—I with regard to t.hiM. For 
ratare imp-c—ibl•. 
With b' • 
•when Che prevailing or 
50 
•yoa-DARU"A. 
the 
(6) the 
The form of Ignorance i' now describd : 
(5) is the notion of the identity of 
the eternal, the pure, tae joyous the spirit, with 
that is non-eternal, impure, E•inful and 
Con cogniaoæ of eternality in non-eternal effæts 
e.g. •the Frmanent earth •permanent the heavens to- 
gether with the moon sod stars Immortal tin 
Similarly ibere i. cognition of parity in the impure 
sod disgustiog bdy : it being declared : on ux»ant of 'be 
the æed, the constituents and on aeonnt ef 
death, on •ccoont of parity being imposed 
learned declared the body to be impure." 
e. g. like the fresh moon, this girl appare if 
her limbs were made up of honey end ambrmi.. or if 
had emerged from the mcøn ; and •be, having eyes like 
the blue lotus leaves, by means of her love-fol eyes, enlivens 
as it were. the living vorld this) what any 
relation to what? (A. The *bole i. 
net«i whole). Thos ve find th.t 'here i. noeo• 
of parity with regard to impure things. Similar to this is 
the of virtue in (h" of in 
In the ame manner, the notion of pleasure in pain viu 
spoken ia 15 of wciien IL The 
51 
in the 'Pkea of in the •phrism refer-d to i. 
Similarly. the ides of spirit in the non-apirit, sneh as ia 
external sentient as 
Wy Which is the of experience—or in 
mind. the of the spirit. In it 
i. declared : ••T.kiag the manifested or aamanifested 
e.-—ories to be his self. he rejoic. in their pr«sperity, think- 
ing to be own ; deplores their 
al.aity. thinking it to be his own is 
Sach is Ignorance, having four feet it were. the of 
the series ot troubles, also of .11 karmic residua. 
togéber with their fructification. Like the word. Anitra 
ud Ago"p..d., Igaor.ace (Acidy.) i. psitive 
atity. As the word •Amitr. do. not denote the 
nor friend, buc it 
something contradictory theret.q—an enemy again 
word Ago"pada not denote the a.baence the 
•f nor the print of COE ; • 
the Other it denotes quite than the" two, 
; in the same manner Ignorance is 
•either conception. nor rig't conception,— 
it is quite an independent idea by itself, op— to know- 
wisdom. 
•ach mother, child. 
son, brothers ; •ad 
52 
compound in this broken ap N' Nitro p at) , bat Simply 
of enemy ; 
DOC 
foras the 
Sutra (6) is the identifying of the pwer 
that sees with the power of seeing. 
Com being the power that and the mind 
the "power of seeing conception of the identity of 
these two constitutes the distinction of egoism. It is only on 
the nondiscrimination of the t.o quite unblended and distinct 
powers ot the enjoyer and enjoyed that enjoyment arise. ; 
when however, the true nature of the two bas been ..cer— 
tained, there follows isolation, and .11 enjoyment 
This been tbas NO' perceiving the spirit. 
which is above mind, and which is distinct from it by of 
ita form, character, wisdom and the forms of the 
idea of self therein (in the mind) only through stupidity 
Notes Ot spirit 
parity the imparity ot the mind ; ita " character 
that ot •put trom the ot the ; 
lastly spirit b" 
Sutra (7) is that which dwells on pleasure. 
is the hankering after pleasure or its 
mane, preceded by a rememberanee of the pleasure, belonging 
to one who bas had experience of that pleasure. 
Sutra (8) is that which dwells on pain. 
Cem consists in the anger, desire for removal, 
of pain or its mans, preceded by n remembrance of pain,— 
belonging to one 7110 had experience of that 
rA.DA 9. 
53 
Sutra well-known (distrætion). that which 
flows in the current of it. own residua, and which 
is well known to the learned even, is Attachment 
(or Tenacity of Life). 
To •Il living beings there is the constant "lash wish— 
I not to be.' •May I continue to exist.' And 
.eldsh desire does not belong to one who h" not 
experienced the experience. Thi. i. the distraction called 
Attachment (to Life)," Which flow. in the current of its own 
resida.. To the lowest worm just born there i. far of 
death, cog.i.ting in consciousness of it. (coming) annihila- 
tion. not borne out by either perception or inference, or valid 
testimony such it testifies to the pangs of death 
exprienced in previous birth'. A. this distraction is found 
among the extremely stupid, so i' it foond to be known to 
the learned also; because the aforesaid residua, resultiug 
from the experience of the pang. of death, is common 
to the expert and the stupid. 
The " bere have studied 
not •t for 
concerned, tr." Ignor•nee burnt up by 
of wisdom , and •ach there an which 
e'«t ot Ignor•nee. 
manlng or the pat by Dr. Mitr•: 
trom the ot experience; •ad 
in Chi. life the of it follow 
of death the 
to lire.' • 
Sutra (10) These, the subtile ones, should be Sap- 
by retNgre•ion. 
Con.—On the dissolntion of the active mind of the Yogi. 
the aforesaid five distractions, having their seed. nearly 
barat np, disappear together vitb it (the mind). 
54 
ToaA-DARASAYA. 
by and it tut i. only 
of that still continue, and have to the 
of the 
&tra ( 11 these, the functions are to be 
suppresd by 
Com gro" functions of the distractions, having been 
attenuated by active yoga. are to be enppre.sed by contem- 
plative wisdom, till they become Subtile, i e. till they have 
their nearly op. the in a piece of 
Cloth is at first shakeu off, and the doer kinds then 
by finer in the manner. the gross functions 
of the distractions have smell adversaries, whereas the subtile 
ones have great adversaries. 
of 
Active (2) have their narly burnt up by contenpl.t.ivø 
(and (S) 
Sutra residu of have their agin 
in distractions, and are felt in manifest or tbø 
nntnanifest life. 
Com —of these, the residu of virtuous and vieioas deeds 
give birth to desire, avarice, stupidity "d anger ; and thie 
residnnm is felt either by the manifest birth or by the nnm.ni- 
fest one. oftbeseth.t which i' by ardent 
reptition or mantras or by '"ticism or by meditation,—« 
that Which is newtnplGhed by proper attendance on (e 
13. 
55 
devckion b) the grat ones—The Ind, the elemental Gods 
grot a of 
In the re—ted 
•re done to the faring, the sick and the helpless, or to 
One •bo confidence in the agent, or to the grat ascetia 
—such reidanm of vicion. action. also immediate 
fruit. As the Nandiivar. Kaman, having relinqnisbai 
bum.n m«ii6c.tion, tr.o.formed into • gmi, sad so also 
Nahashs tbe Lord of the g«is. having relinquished hi' own 
frrrn, was tno.formed into of belli.h i*ingø there 
no Karmic is felt in manifest ; 
for ended, no 
K.rmk residuum to felt in the birth. 
existing, its fruition (consisu 
in) birth, life (or age) and exFrience. 
is only when the distraction. exist that the Karmic 
residaam begins its fruition and not when the root in the shape 
of distraction. hu been destroy«L As for example, the ric* 
in ae paddy, is c.v.ble of sprouting up only when it i' 
surr%anded by the chaff,and has its seeding faculty undestroyed ; 
And not wheu the chan has been removed and the seeding 
feculty destroyed. Similarly the Karmic residuum is fit 
to sprout up into fruition only when hemmed in by distract- 
ions, and not when the distraction. have been removed, or 
•hen its seeding faculty h" been destroyd by the are of 
Thi. fruition is threefold. Birth, Age and Experiene. In 
Li. connection •e have to consider the ßllowiug question.. 
single action the cause of a single birth. or does a single 
57 
Oa the hand , that which is felt by the birth. 
being the of exprieuee alone, is said originate 
•ingle fruition ; Or wbeu it is the cause life 
it is said to Originate fruition in the 
or The longings 
by experience of the fruition of actions 
from titue turn the iut0 one aggreg.te 
; the tniud beiug like 
spre.d over With knots (Which case of the 
mind would be the described); thus 
these said to be preceded by by) ma.uy births. 
i. residuum is said to of one 
The or tendeacies which 
the memory (or remembrance), are the residual 
gin. ( Vdnnå), and are eterual. 
Tbe ouebirth" Karmic residanm i. Enth of certain 
and uncertain fruition. of these, this rule (the rule or Ixiug 
of one birth") holds only in the case of the residuum experi- 
euced iu the tuauife*t birth. whose fruition is certain, und 
iu that of the residuum exFrieneed in the tn.uifest 
birth whose fruition uncertain. Because in the case 
of the latter there are three ; (l ) The destruction of 
that which been done, bat h" (2) 
inclusion (of the secoudary one.) in tbe pritnary action, (3) 
Che long continuity (of the secondary ones) hemmed in by 
the primary .ctiou wh«.e fauctiou is certain. As au example 
of the first we have the destruction in the present life of the 
black (evil) actions by the white (good) ones. In this con- 
it is In this world act ions are to be con— 
two—fold; the aggregate of actions datroys 
the evil ones; therefore desire to perform ga actious ; 
tbø vise ones declare actions for thee in this present 
(unh)." TO exemplify ibe econd: may be little 
( of evil mixed up ( with the removable, and ban- 
ble; it is of the ones ? 
Because the quantity of the is •herein this ( evil ) 
is hidden, sad which is sure to bring 'bout slight 
even in heaven ( TO 
lify the third long continuance or the 
secondary action hemmed io by the prim.ry One whose 
fruition is certain • '—How ? it is only for the action 
experienced in tl.e unmanifcst birth, whose fruition is ert.in. 
that the cause of manifestation has already been said to 
dead, "bich is not the cue with that wbicli is experienced in 
unmanifest birth, iruuiuu is uncertain. This 
latter kind of actions either destroyed or dissolved 
( mixed up With the more important actions), or lastly 
continue to exist as in by 
actions long as it is not turned towards fruition by its 
in the form of some 
it is for this oneertainty of the titue. place of 
the fruition of action*, that the coarse of action is •aid to be 
cnrions nnd nnintelligible. As the secondary cannot be set 
uside by the prituary, therefore we pstnlate the " One-birth 
karmic reidua. 
tbO 
Whether evil or the or would 
and henee would bait•te to give up • pr—at.ly 
the Karmic residua. then of ( 
tinned i" .ph. 10 
of the mind by the 
setion• of various kinds, extending from 
variegating residual longing. to 
births and not to birth 
For if this were not Cho case, then a celestial Or torn 
'be human would not explicable, as during huaan lite 
Il—SUTRA 14. 
50 
divine 
existence. 
Kara ic residua. and now we and it th•t the 
ia by primary long 
fruit"m•, '*rtainly this many 
in the t vo to 
The of Ot 
of is due DOC • 
Etioa in naturo ia 
&tra have pleasure or pain for their 
fruit, according as their caaæ is virtue or vice. 
Com : They —birth, age and experien&, having virtue 
br their cause. have pleasure for their fruit; aud when they 
Eve vice for their cause, then they have for their fruit. 
As consists in ( to the agent'S 
in the of pleasar•ble enjoyment of •n 
there J*in for the yogi. 
bin. 
HOW do explain this ? ( Reply : ) 
(15) the all is pain—cause of 
üe adverse functions of the Attributes, and of the 
of anxiety and impresion. 
Com: (l) The experience of belonging to all 
pr•on•, is infused with passion, and dependent upon 
•nimatäl and inanimate means; thns in this cue there is the 
Karmic r.idns born of —on; similarly the •gent avoids 
•the means to pain, and is dc.ladd ( or infatuated 
60 
YOO-DA 
there is tbe Karmic residnum bro of aversion and etnpf.e 
ti00. As is : * NO enjoyment is without 
killing some there is the b«lily Karmic 
residnnm of the slaaghter. and it has alrady been 
declared that all •ensnal pleasure Ignorance, 
consist. in the peace resulting from the "tisfactioa of the 
With regard to sensnons objects. sod pain consists in 
the of resulting irorn fickleness. And certainly 
the satisf.ction of the senses cannot be bronght about 
repeated enjoyment; why ? Ik:anse the passions grow by 
enjoyment, doe. also the pertness of ! 
the senses. (bnseqnently repeated enjoyment cannot the 
mean' of pleasure. Thus then if a desiring pleasure, 
is infn•a With ( desire ) sensnons object* and 
becomes entangled in the mire cf adords a 
to the case of one who, fearing the bite of the unmon 
is stung by a This of 
i. e. that follows a result of ple•snre), being 
contrary ( to the wish tronbles the yogi even in etBte of 
pleasure, ( because IA knows that it will end in r.in 
Il Now, what is the nature of the of anxiety All 
meo have the experience of anxiety, iufns«l With aversion, 
depending and inanimate 
there is Karmic residaatn born of aversion; and •gain with 
to the means of pleunre, the agent acts by 
word' and mind, and thereby or harms another;' and 
this favonring or harming of others brings aboutan wggreg•te 
of virtue .nd Karmic residuum proceed. from 
avarice and delusion; and this is Bhat is called the 
of Anxiety." 
What is the •e rain of impressions " ? The residnnm of 
pleasnrable impressions prtx:eds from an experience of pi—are 
that of painful from the experiene of 
PADA 15. 
Similarly, when either plasure or pain is experienca, 
frnit• of actions, then again follows the of Karmic resi• 
Tbns this everlasting dow of current of 
consisting in contrariness ( to his wishes makes the yogi 
anxion.; why ? Because the wise i. like the eye-boll; jnst 
fine thread of put in the eye gives pain by mere 
Conch, which it doe. not do in other of the Indy, so do 
•be aforesaid pains give p•in to the eye-inn-like yogi alone, 
•nd to no Other agent. Ou Other hand, the agent Who 
relinqnishes the caused by his Own actions which he 
has again hears that which 
"d Who is on hemm«l in by Ignorance as it •ere 
in the form of the mental fanction variegated by everlasting 
'ho the idea of self • and 
mine With regard to the object' to ( the body, 
Wife and children an agent, Whenever he is 
a"ed over by threefold pain, bronght alont With by 
extrinsic and intrinsic Thus then, seeing his own 
self a. well .11 other hemmed in by the everlasting 
cnrrent of pain. the yogi takes refuge in proper 
•ion, which has the pwer of destroying all 
For the farther reason of "the adverse character of the 
fanctiou. of the Attributes, all is IAin to the wise." The 
Attributes of the Buddhi consisting in enlightenment, action 
Or energy ) and idleness, depending upon help. give 
rise to the qniesceut., passionate or delusive cognition, partak• 
ing of ( the character of) the three Attributes. And the 
fauctioning of the Attributes being fickle, the mind •is said 
to quickly modifying. The 's the functions, 
in their excen, are contradictory to one another; 
those txt 
are in their ordinary condition c«Frate with 
those that are in exce—. these Attributes, depending 
one another, bring the ideas of pleunre, pain and 
delasion; therefore each or them has the charactör or thö 
three; their difference deFnding upon the predominance and 
( of one or the other of them And tha. all 
i. to the wise. 
of this of pains, the productive is Ignorance; 
and the of the absence of this is Right Discrimination. 
As the science of bas four parts—viz : the disease, 
the of care, and medicines—so 
also has four : metempsychosis ( birth the 
of this. and the means of liberation; and of 
abounding in pain, is •to be avoided; ibe 
connetion Matter and Spirit is the cause of what is to 
be avoided; the removal of the connection consist. in 'Wate 
and final separation; and the canse of this separation is Right 
Discrimin.tion. In this connection. the form of the avoiding 
gent can not be said to be either avoided or accepta•, for if 
it were avoided, that would lead to the theory of self-annihila- 
tion; and if it were accepted, then it would lead to 
theory; ( consequently ) by denying both ( avoid•bL 
lity end acceptability) we land on the theory of the "eternal 
which «»nscitata right discrimination. 
(1) "—Wife 
(5) 'c" do not Wish for that Which 
; strive is perms 
and not afte the temporary pleuure •bich 
Pleasure in 
tat—at, and it is alone which oven 
painful. Ct.Bh•rtribari— 
r•ADA 15. 
go into of it 
known to •uy dilatory apounding•, and 
'he pain ot anxiety is similar to that ot " " 
psi n 
is end. 
Virtue, 
i" the height their for 
One G. 
in they 
or in its ordinary then it with 
in anticipation of objection 
and well Tbe 
Which 
as there is 00thing Which i. 
pleasure. and delusion to 
up the only 
is at in the 
u t' o". t In the 
: and X I I I J. 
• • : the 
or result the 
person would 
if it it 
that being a caused entity. i' must havo and •n 
and thus and and do 
only Immortality; and certainly no 
Thirdly if 
denied. Would to 
•s Th&obåcct or this is to that everything 
with worldly life is aud 
To this i' 
tøUOWed by pain. There atter 
or •s tb•re is •n from enjoyment. then 
d and they p•in even in 
disturb it. i. and i m p—• 
in the thinking principle. 
they of "d And 
q to and they 
•ad The i. State 
Which only relief is had by totally cutting 
Indiu Phiiøopby, unknown to 
The four—folduess of is : 
Stra (16) : Avoidable is the pain not yet come. 
Com pain that bas passed has alre.dy been spent ap 
by Experieuee. and us such cannot come within the or 
avoidability. The pain that is present is, during the tuotneutof 
its existence, ready tor experience, ss •uch eaunot •t any 
Other moment, avoided For reason it is that 
•lone which is not yet come, that gives pain to the 
lige yogi, aud none else ; sud it i. this that is to 
off. 
The of that 'bich is to be avoided is now laid down : 
Sutra (17) conjunction of the Spectator 
and the Spectacle is ae of that which is 
to be warded off. 
Com Spirit, the coguiser of 
" The Spctacle "—All the properties that exist in tbe 
ness" of Buddhi. Sach a spect.cle, resembling a magnet, 
and operating by mere proxitnity, tbrongh ita visibilfty come. 
to the Spirit's spirit being) the Lord, of the 
of (pare) consciousn—. The Såtteic Buddhi 
-17 
65 
tecome the object of experience and action 
(or the Spirit) ; and acquiring ita existence through another 
firm, dependent apn another, though by itself 
independent. on account of it. l*iag for another's purB". 
of these two, the spectator and the spectacle, the 
brought bat for is the Wise of that which i. 
to avoidd i.e.—of pin. And it ha. been decl.r«l; "By 
avoiding the cause in the shape of therewith (vitb 
Bruldhi) this would be an alsolate rerndy for pain "-(P.ach.ii- 
Why ? we know the remedy for tbø 
the avoidable—e. g. the sores of the feet i*ing 
of tning pierc«l. and the thorn being capable or piat— 
cing, the remedy bereof lies in not patting the 
thorn, or patting it oa it, doing so with shoes. One who knovø 
three facts, and bas to the remdy. does not 
experience the pain ceased by the pricking of the thorn. 
Why ? of the of rE0gnizing the 
Similarly with regard to the case in question. the 
Attribateof is the object of pain caused by that of foul. 
the causer of pain—Why ? Because the action of pain- 
iM mast fall on an object ; and the action of paining (in the 
pr—nt instance) falls on the objxt of the attributo of 
neu; .ad not on the Cogniser (the Spirit) is non. 
and devoid of action. Bæause the Spirit baa object' 
to himself (by Buddhi), therefore when the attributa 
pdn.s ( the spiritual d*n.eioasness) is afßictäl. tho 
Spirit too, oa of His de—ence on ita form, 
under •ph. the S•ttvia Baddhl, thongh 
by 'ho faculty, yet through taking 
it With 
Ot And 
that 'ho pleuare •c. prc«ut«" to 
9 
'Ora, It Were. ot 
and •etion, existing •t 
of 
that spiritual being 
b' if the 
; bat ot tact it "h" its in a 
the •neet.ien therein of •pmt's 
And Lt quite the object 
the following obl«tlon —"In example we 
ih— (2) thon, 
ot Bat in 
and 
the pain by 
ot Baddhl nd by the BuUhI, 
the •pirii taka hi—elf); and then no 
the instance and the point •t The reply 
that bere we have the In the 
ot trom Spirit—That is to Say, 
one, yet It threefold, up the 
The for not making the spirit, the next 
the chief that, being spirit 
the Ot wt,ioa ; •ach •pain' 
bat on 
hi. Oa form Ot wherein 
The of the Spectacle is 007 dacribd 
spectacle is of the nature of 
illumination, •otivity and inertia; it connise 
the elements and the sense-organs ; it is for thq 
pur— or experience and eu»ncipaüou. 
- of the n.t.re of "illamin•tion": "Foal. 
•f the aAtæeof "setivity," and of the ratare 
Th., thae prinär•lly coloar«i by ons 
the (and capable of) ' 
end their forms by 
help.—.ad though mutually salservient yet, having 
rapective of wielding 
csp.bilities with regard to homogeneous and hetergeneoas 
their respet.ive 
of their (activity 
tboagh (subservient) yet, having their 
aist.nee inferred as included in the the" 
employed in the accomplishment of the spirit'. ends. 
by mere rroximity, and resembling 
even in the alnence of any predisposing 
virtue end the rat). following in the wake of•ny Ono 
d themselves (the that happen. to be the predominating 
ätibate with regard to the effect in to b. 
daoW by the name of Pradhåna (Pritnordi.l Matter). ; sad 
•l" alld the "•petaele." 
the 
in the form of the elements, i.e., the 
and the rest, io their well subtile fortne ; aud 
modifying into the form of the sone-organs—the 
ud the rest. in their as vell sabtile forms. This is 
vitboat parv»e; on the contrary it operates only with 
to distinct parp•æe ; mnseqaently, the spectacle is "for 
the parpose of the experience aud emancipation" of the Spirit. 
of "experience" ia the of 
of the dair.ble and the and—irable, not differentiated ; ' 
"emancirntioa" is the "certainment of the nature of the 
apeHenee. B•ides these two, there is no other perception. 
As on the exisEnce of three Etive Attri- 
one) the various a.tar•l dis 
68 
(virtue &c.) as presental to the foarth, the in.d.ivö-: 
Spirit, similar well dinimilar (to the attributes), the 
witnes of their oprations ; sach dces not think 
Other bra. of prception 
(Qantioa How are thee two, experiene and emancip— 
tion,— brought 'bat as they are by Baddbi, and '1.0 existing 
therein—referra to the Spirit ? (Reply Just vieury 
defeat, rally belonging to the fighting soldiers, are referr- 
el to their muter ; because he enjoys the frnits ; 
bondage and emancil*tion, rally belonging to the 
Baddhi, are referred to the Spirit. because He is the enjoyer 
or the fruita of both. Bondage is the non-accomplishment of 
the "al's par-p*. tnlonging to the Baddbi ; and the 
plishment or the "me parp«.e constitate• emancipation. 
By this (it is establish«l that) percertion, memory, 
or assumption. (Via), (Apöha), right knowl«ige, 
—all E*longing to Baddhi, an to exist in 
Spirit ; beaa_n he is the enjoyer of the fruits or t h•e. 
E'—-Tbmgh 
•n In an tbo 
Mneiplly) and have 
ot yet in 
innaea« that gcxdn—; 
the princlp•l 
the 
that ot ; in "eh the •øond•ry 
the 'teribat••. 
(O is •aid in 
"lowing •Uribute. toe- 
, capable One, bat how that provo 
Tbe ot the reply is that t.be 
have forward, in 
60 
are 
dinimil•rto in naeh He 
in •ph- I, will In •ph. 3', (Por 
Sarit" •ad Tipp"l p. 
NOV begins the consideration of the ascertainment of the 
different forms or the Attribute, which make up the 
spæific and the unspecific, the Solely 
mergent, and the non-mergent—are the stages 
of the 
thee, Air. Fire, Water and Earth, 
five elements are the apeciß (directly evolved effect.) of 
•oand, and (respective 
Similarly the the skin, the eye, the tongue and 
the senntion.l also speech, 
the hands, the fee, end the two organs—the five 
of lastly the universal mind—I'll 
eleven) •re the speifie (effects) of the tins—c 
of Self-con*ioasness. This sixteen-fold specific modifi- 
ation blong• to the Attribates. The unspecific" are six: 
viz; the rudimentary wand, the rudimentarr touch, the 
coloar, the rudimentary taste, and the rudimentary 
one, two, three, four and five 
are unspecific;" and the sixth is 
pare are 
•pecifc maliåation. of Baddhi or eonscioasneu) 
itself, Which is (capbility of falålling the 
pare and which is above the 
i. the wlely mergenc spirittnl 
this, taking their 'tand. the mcdiacations rach 
their highly develørzi ftates; and also when diswlving, 
they take their stand, in the ame simple cal•eity, On Chi 
qiritaal consciot.neø, and finally reolve into 
unmanifetei goo-mergent primordrial 
(Nature) which is beyond existence and 
the existing aud thruon-existing (effect..) 
This is the mergeat" 
tioa of the Attributes; and the non-mergeut 
tioa is that which is t*yond capacity and incap.city. In 
the noo-tnergent war. is not ibe 
b—aw ia the beginning the non-mergent 
the parp•e doe not pr•01nllidg 
therefore the soul's is not the aase thereof. And 
this is not about by the •ours 
therefore it is "eternal." la the begining of the 
three state (the nlely mergent, the unspeciao 
ud the epeciåc) the p•opelling is by the soul's 'hicb 
their whence three ere •a non' 
«ernal." The Attribute On the other bend, r.rt..kingd 
'be propertie of all of tbae, neither dissolve,nor are 
They however if enda«i with ibe properti. 
birth •nd dinolatioo, throagb (their connwtion with) 
individa.l.. paN, preent & fatare. *bich 
property of cona«ting themselves with the Attributes 
Dev.d•tt• is nid to be tnwming or det.erionting, 
bis utile are dying; so it is only the dath tb 
•ot the own 
n—evna 
exæay 
d the spprent birth and death of the Attribute.) 
mergent. in close proximity to the 
non-mergent, and originating therein, become divided there. 
of the infringibility of order or 
; for the eqaene never 
*mil.rJy six unspecific modification. originat. 
ing ih the "lely mergent divided therefrom 
in .eordance with the axed order of the 
In the "me manner, the elementa and the 
•enw—org.ns, origin.ti.g in tbee ane—c one', bee,mnø 
therefrom. As "There i• 
Sothing beyond the specific or the specific there i. no 
farther modideation into any other object. Inter on, 
shall exphin their modification into u»ndition 
virtae. 
wand touch touch "d sound—oar that or touch 
"and, that or .nd 
•ad bar. 
•haw 
of 
(S) De— : th•t the 
(which is Pr•kritl) n• 
of • 
g) D—tta Ot tb• 
•n •urib•t• tb• (•ho "t 
the origin di—olagon ot 
C) infringibillty order order 
the 
72 
roaA.DARASBASA. 
this order 
The bas ben deæriW; now 
deteruinatioa ot the form ot the 
(20) spectator is and 
though pure, (still) beholds intellected ida•. 
At.olute e. the fualty of 
ceptioa pure and simple, unalloyd with qaaliaation. 
( illumination ) ; this is the counter-cogniser of consciou- 
He i. neither similar nor dissimilar to it. He 
not similar. Why ? Because c.ou.cioaønes awrw_ning 
to known well u unknown objects, is ; 
its ouects—ww, jar and the known and an- 
known, prove it to m«lifying. The fact of the Sftit 
having every always known to him implie bis 
anmodiryiog character. Why ? Beause, (i) wn.cioasn—. 
which is the object of the Spirit, annot 
the and the non-perceiver. Thus is 
the of every being always known to the 
which ftxrtber proves his unmodifying nature. And 
(secondly) is another's par—, 
of its Fating (with the sense—organs, the 
sensa«ns and ; the Spirit On 
the other hand, exists for his own pnrp«e. And ( tåirdly) 
again conrioosnæ, cap.ble or ucertAining •Il 
obj«t•. (pacefal, —onate or dark), is ap or the 
three Attribat•, and as sack, is insentient ; the S*rit 
the other hand is the epectator of the thre 
For these the Spirit is not similar to conci«nn—. 
Thea Ice it NO ; it i. altogether 
Il—guru 21. 
73 
éher. Why? Baan u though 'till it 
bæ.ase it Frceiva the ideas 
waseioasnes ; •ad thu per-cei'iv appara 
similar to it, thingh rally it is not ; hu 
The 0t the ex—acing •gent, aam«iifying and 
app-ars if tr.asferr.i to the 
•ad Ells in with the function there of ; and (the 
only with an imitation of the Baddhic 
function which bu ben coloared by the toaeb of sentiene.— 
ach rally antaint.d by the Baddhic 
•tat 
i' the 
the 
the objæt of the Spirit 
form i. sentience pare .nd being i.e„ the 
of the is for his rnrp«.e. Oa the 
plisbment of experience and emancir.tion, the (insenüent) 
of the spæt.cle, attaining to its existence through an- 
Other form (the entient fortn of the spirit therein), 
is longer seen by the Spirit. The destruction of the fortn 
voald to the d.tractioa of the bat it is not 
: (l) th•t the 
tå• •piriø ot N•turø 
it In the it nut be in 
•oald ot the —•naipa.tioa ot 
• reply 
tor Spirit; be only 
it; hL• not In Baddbl, 
p.ln Ot 
10 
74 
Wra (22) in the caE ot whcn 
has ben fulfilled, it is dutroyed, fcx 
she is to him. 
Co. .—Thoagh the is detroyd with regard to 
the one Spirit wbo.e parp«.e h.. teen fulfilled, yet it is 
destroyed, it is wtnmon to other spirits. a 
is detr"d with regard to the expert soul, still 
its parBse falåll«l with re— to the inexpert one, it 
come the object of the sentience of these latter; 
it 'till to N41ire it. existence through 
Tbas the of the seer and the k*ing eternal. their 
ever-luting connetion has been described, As he 
Objec& certain properüe 
eternal, the annection of the propertia 
eternal." 
The next forth by 
down the firm of the wn—ion (just of) 
Stra (28) is the ause of r&Fi• 
tion of the natures of the fæultie of ad 
that of its Lord" 
Con Spirit, the lord, h' 
spectacle. for the sake of preeption. Hence, the anxehen• 
"on of the 'Fct.cle throagb sach a conjunction i. 
on the Other hand the recognition of the nature of the 
tor is —neip.tion. The conjunction iu in 
peraption, this latter is to the of 
and non-percepüon t*ing contradictory to prception. it 
nid to be the cane of conjunction. Here perception i' n• 
the or emancir.tioa, the abexe or 
23. 
75 
Feer*ion lads to the of badge; and this is 
And the existence of perception led. 
boud•ge,— 
is t" the 
of the Attribute. ? or (2) is it the non-pruiaction of 
the mind which has presented object. to it. 'entient 
i. e. the vant of perception in his •pctele ? or (3) 
it the of the attribnt.a retiag in the parpoe (exHi- 
emancipation) ? or (4) Ignorance with its mind 
being nppre.*i (i. broming similar to its 
(in the form of its mind (and 
in this non-perception being the residual longing 
Ignorance) ? or (5) on the datractioa of the impression 
of fixity the of the impra- 
uoa of ? la this eoanetion it has been declar«l : 
The Pr.dbao.. mntinaing in its axity. and strh not 
—Icing any modifications, voald beame the noa.Pr.dhLaa 
(i. the the inemcient cane); similarly continu- 
ing in it. mobility, its modifications voald Eeotne eternal, 
"d too Woold it the 
character ot the PradhAna eonsiets in producing nnii6cation• 
and thence affording exprienee for the spirit, and in time 
d"ving it, and bringing •inat his emanci1Ation). It is 
only it or*rate• in-eh ways (both by fixity and mobi- 
lit'), it is not same 
bolds Other causes. Or (6) the 
of the spectacle (experience alone is non-percep 
; on the strength of the Srati : "The operation 
the Prulb'n. is for the information of the soul." The 
of apprehending all that is to cogni.«l, does 
Frceive anything, prior to the operation of Nature ; sad 
76 
then too the Which apble of palacing 
is not ; and this i. 
G) Some people a—e.rt that non-Frception is the proFrty 
both (the Ftator spirit, and the In 
the perception of the though constitntiag it. 
nature, is yet recognised the property of the 
Only through the cognition the spirit without the 
redætion of the Entience of the spirit, noconni'n. 
is —ble) ; similarly thoagh the percer*ion 
tate the natare of the spirit, yet it •ppe•r• the prtFrty 
of the spirit, through the cognition of the 
without the reflæting spectacle no perception is 
(8) IÆtly, 1M)ple •sert non-Frcepticn to the 
scioasnæ of the 
All these alternative •re men fancie of the 
mind. In this connection, the great namt*r of 
has Ømmon objæt in reference to the conjunction •Il 
•oals with the •ttribate. 
The mnjanction of the sentience with 
spirital coaxiouneu (is such that) 
Sutra (24) aun is Ignorance ; 
Con the resida.l longings of 
Spirittnl coloar«l by the reidtnl longing. of 
minonceivd nc*ions. attain. to the d 
di.scrimin•tion, and •gain retarn• (to iu 
operations) with fall-pledged powers. When however it ads 
in spiritual discrimin.tion,then it attains it. highet limit 
effectiven— and having its off* thus it to 
set; and hence devoid of preeption, do. 
to it' operation, there being no of bond"e 
25. 
A cerain pawn (the Nihilist) joke •t emanciption 
åroagh the example of an imptent imrntenl 
being exhort«l by his young wife in this muner— 
My dar, my has children, wherefore have I not 
gli any to her thus : •when I dead, then will 
I .prda& children for thn.' la the ame manner the know- 
bdge when present swomplishing the sappreuion of the 
vb.t hope is there of its ucomplishing it *ben it it— 
self vill b.ve been detroy«l? la reply to this a certain 
of the muten (of oar Science) : The sappreøion of 
the conscioasnes itself constitate the Aid 
•npFæion raalting from the absence the of 
non-pereptiou, of 
dinpparing (right) prceptioa." 
then it is the .nppræion of the mind that 
and sacb, 'hcrefore this inopprtune mental 
(of the Nihilist.) 
That which is to off is pin, the aase of which 
ben declared to be (hnjanction together •ith its 
Nov it remains to d*ribe the of •voidan•. 
(25) its abseme, there is of 
conjunction, (which is) avcidance ; and isthe 
Isolation of the slEator. 
the of non-perce#ion, there is 
of the conjunction of the spirit and spiritul mnsci. 
is to say, the absolute cesation of bondage. 
This is and "it is the isolation or the Bl*ctat.or 
b, the of the spirit, the noa-coojanction 
78 
with 'he Oa the or the 
there i. of pain which i. (ia) ; 
after this, the spirit abide. ia h' own 
NOV, the mans getting •t ? 
&tra (29 diærimin"ive 
the mans of •voidanw. 
C. —"DiErimiaative knowldge" i. the of 
the difference the Spirit end the Attribat.a. And thi 
by the non-caution of 
koo.l«lge. When hoverer this false b" ita 
eediøg Gealty barnt ap, and sach eases to pr«Erate, thea 
aow• the laeid carreat of the discriminative 
belonging to Goalne• (attn), from tbe imrmriüa of 
pin, and abiding in sapreme the high 
V.aiMra (ride •bor.). And this andi.tnrtzi 
discriminative knowledge i. the of avoidance, vh•næ 
follows the barniog ap the •eding faculty of f.l.e know- 
ledge, which thus to procrate. This is the high"' of 
Emuciption, the of the •voidance (of 
Atra (27) him the «nsciousnen to tho utm•t 
stage is seven-Md. 
For him refers to one who h" discriminative 
knowlelge. Sewn-fold "—On the removal or the envelop 
ing imparitie Bnddbi, no further cognition l*ing brought 
cotxioasnæ of the vise one Only "ven- 
fold. Tbee are HI) The avoidable has been known, 
there is nothing more of it to known ; (2) the of 
the avoidable (pin) have been attenuated, there i' DOing 
more of to atteaa.td; (3) the avoidance bu 
28. 
diretly by of nppræive (4) 
of in the 'hap or discriminative know. 
ledge been .cmmpli.hed. Stnh i. the burrold erecta 
end of consciousness. The end of mind again is threefold : 
(1) The omeeof spiritual conscioasne— bas been fulålld ; 
(2) the attribute devoid of rat like stones fallen from the 
—ain-top. tarn-d to.ads dissolatioa into oase, 
together tbeewith ; and of the* diMAved one. 
is no more pn:daction, for want of any 
in u_is •ate. the spirit, outgrowing •Il attributive eonn&tion, 
shining in own pristine 
spirit. witnæiog this sevenfold «»nscioasn—, to ita 
stage, i. cal H And even on retrog.dø 
F«ration of the mind, be is emancilnt.«l and incotna 
•Wept." of his gone the rouge of t.be 
knovldge become. the to •voidance, 
when rally accomplish—I ; ood since this accompli.h- 
ment mans, therefore DOW 
the consideration of sach means. 
(28) imparity through 
of the of yqa, there is an 
enlightenment ofconEicÆne•, till discriminative 
knowHge is 
Aeeeuoria of the eight, to be 
; throagh the practice or thne. reult.. the decay 
imprity in the shap of the fivefold miswnception ; and 
Chi. decay, renlb the manifetation of right kno.ledge. 
A. the Ecenories to be the imparity 
8) 
of the trightaæ of cot*ioasneu, &peadent 
the eder of the deay ; •ad this brightnes goa 
incr..ing till dierimin.tive knowldge 
to ny till the of the nature of the Spü-it and 
the of Yom the 
of the d*ction of imparity, the is of the (dis. 
jandion of the) object cat ; and it is the aase of the 
ment of discriminative kno.ldge, virtue i. or 
sad in no way can it a aase. How muy 
these nid to be in science? They •re nine—e.g. 
(l) Utl.ttikårap• the originative (2) 
(6xitive), (3) n.bhivyaktiksraps" (manifestive), (4) ••vikAr.- 
(modiåatory), (5) "Pratyay.karana" (mgnitive). (6) 
"Viyogak.rana (disjandivei 
(8) (Differentiative), and (9) 
To exemplify severally—Il ) the mind of 
conscitn.nä; (2) the soul's purpæe of the mind, and 
! foul of the Wy; (3) light and the wn.cioasne. 
or wloar; (4) Other object', of the mind, and are 
the to be cookd; (5) the knowl«lge of smoke. of 
knowldge of are; (6) the prwt.ice of yogic acc—Tia, of 
diE,riminative knowldge•, (7) the "me pnctice, of imparity; 
(8) the goldsmith of the gold; and similarly 
mental function L —pitti (feminine)), Ignorance is the 
of its stapeßction; aversion of it' rainfalna•, 
0t its plænr.blen—, true knowlelge of its imrnrt.i•lity; O) 
the of the ense-organ., and 'ice the grat ele- 
menta of the Wies. and thæ latter of one 
animal, the ham•n and the divine bdi• 
ther. are the nine Ocasion pr—n• 
itelf, thee •re to to other Objæta Bat the 
enciency the prutice of the y. 
rADA 30. 
81 
two" (i. the disjunctioe and the pröeurig, 
mentioad before the enunciation of the fortns of 
•anlity). 
ne of yoga are next t 
Atra (29) (or Forbearance), Observance, 
Regulation of Breath, Abstraction, Con. 
and Meditation—are tho 
eight 
Con shall now deurit* in due order, the form and 
of tbee. 
Sutra consiés in harmlessness 
from theft, aud 
fndom from avarice. 
Cm no way and at no t.imø 
wishing ill to any living being. The following 
and oberv.ncæ have all of them abstinence for their root. 
"d being incladed in it. accompliehment, are perform«l only 
for the proFr Frformance thereof they are practis«l 
only in crder to clarify the Or—aid It has been 
thus declared ; "As the performs many penances, 
•o do. he becorne alienated from the cause of harm to others 
•Nid ixing• •boat the.same bartnl—næ daly clarified." 
in word and mind erreponding 
acts—that is word and mind both tallying with objects 
or hard (from antbentic sources). A word i. 
spoken br the transference of one's thought to another, and 
sach if not dweptive or mistaken, or devoid of compre- 
by the listener), (then it i' 
YOGA-DA RASA*" 
is Only when it is asel for the' kood of 
aud not for their evil. If being spoken sach (as a truth) 
it leads to the iujary of others, then it would not truth; ib 
would bc Siu ; aud by this sembluwe of virtue (the ugeut) 
would suffer endle" trouble. Therefore one ought to tell 
the truth with dae consideration the •Il 
Theft consist. in the acceptance of objects from 
in a contrary to the prescritMl form. (of gift). 
alntinence from this in the of of desire therefor, 
control of the ecret generative 
"Freedom from avarice" consist. noo-."ptance of 
any objects, on account or dae sense of the disgrelnncia 
tbereiu, in the attendant its 
protection, waste or consumption, attachueut. sad 
(towards Other competitors). 
These, however, •re— 
Sutra (31) —the Great Penance, when all stage, 
the above are condition«l by ( are irrepectiw 
) place. time and convention. 
Con these, harmlessne— conditioned (Or limitd) 
class—the killing of fish, and nothing else, by fishern.en (which 
is wrongly tolerat«i by people). "Conditioned by 
will not kill in a sacred place'; "conditiona by 
. ' 1 kill ou the døy of the or oa 
32. 
83 
and lastly the harmlessness hy con- 
Lbelonging to one is above kinds of 
••.l.nghter" ja.t I shall kill (animal.) for 
the sake of the and the Brabtnaaas, and not otherwise; 
killing is allowable for the warrior caste, in battle. 
and • and the rest, not 
by place, time and convention—are to be always 
prutiMl, in •Il stages—i. with regard to all object* ; and 
free from any sort or retriction, they arc called 
the Grat Pennce, Mcngiag to .11 st.ges. 
(32) 
enttnent, penance, etudy and devotion to tho 
Com thee. "pnri6ation" tho external, rmsists in 
the removal or impure objects by of clay and water 
"d the in the removal of the imparities of the 
mind. •(hntentment" the absence of any deire for acqnir- 
ing thin. other than those that are at hand. "Pennnee"— 
the Earing or the "rnir of hnnger and 
thirst. hat end cold. sitting and standing, complete and 
sfleocø (the former consisting in not expressiOg one'. 
ida. even by gestnre•, and the latter in mere abenee of 
artieal.ta 'Feb); and the pnsnce proper, are ebo Krieååra 
tie Chandray"a stndy of the sciences 
dating with emancipation, Or the repitition of the Prayca. 
to the offering of all actions to the 
npreme and venerable. Satel on the bed or wandering on 
the if he having hi' doubts and misgivings 
and upon the of the seed or 
one would be the eternally ennnci- 
the exrriencer of the immortality:" In this 
connection it has been declared : "Thence the right know. 
ledge of the retrogade sentience, and the removal of obstuLe" 
of then, when Retraiats and 
Sutra (33) by quetionables, 
pondering of the oppc•ites (s n•sury). 
Con t—When the is obe•ed by the 
and the ret (to be described in ' the 
next aphorisms—sach as I will kill my maleQ:tor," "I shall 
tell an untruth," I shall take bold of his prolrrty." will 
be vulgar with his wife," "I will be muter of his bolding.,"— 
he obstructed by the glaring fever of questionable 
leading to evil ways, the neophyte is to ponder over 
opposites thereof—i. e., he should think Boiled in 
terrific of metempsychæis I have taken refuge in the 
of yoga, through charity and love towards all beings; •o if I 
revert to the questionable paths after having one given them 
up, then I would be acting like a miserable cur—reverting 
to the relinquished, just the dog licks up the vomitt«l 
foca The same FIEess is to be appli«l to the other 
well (i. thc•e treating of parißation and the ret). 
Sutra (34) quationables are slaughter (harmful- 
ness) and the rest H (and whether these are) 
done, to be done, or approved of (abetted); 
(whether) preceded by eased by) covetousnæ, 
auger or delusion; (whether) slight, moderate or 
(always) have and ignor- 
ance for their endless ia the poadg- 
ing apon (their) oppoit•. 
rADA Il—st-TBA 34. 
i. threefold, being either done, aaeed to 
done, or of these again is three fold : (l) 
by wnvetoasne.s i. e, for the of the aesh or the 
Ski a ; (2) by anger—i. thinking the Objæt to be one's 
(3) by thinking that virtue result 
Lerefrom (u the slaughter in acriåces). Covetonsnesø 
anger and delusion too are three fold : being slight moderato 
excæive. Thus there are 27 forms of slaughter. The 
Night •gain are each threefold : the 'light, the moderate- 
Aight ad the exæs.ive-aligbt ; and again the 
rate. the moderate-malerat4 the excessive-rn«ler.te ; and 
lutly the slight-excessive, the and the 
Thos slaughter becomes. eightyone-fold. 
Again in accordance with dæision, doubt and collectivity 
(1) when it is that fish is to be killed ( (2) when it is 
doubtful whether the fish or the gcnt is to be kill«l ; and (3) 
when of them are to be killed, ) it becom e. innumerable, 
of the innumerability of living beings. The 
divisions to applied to untruth and the rest al". 
These qnestioaable have and igncnnce for their 
is to be the pondering their oppo- 
situ—a. the killer first of all cripple. the powers 
snimal to be slaughtered (by binding it fast to some polo 
then gives it pain by letting fall some wapn, and then 
it of its life even. Then from crippling of ita 
pwer Malts the crippling of the power. of the killer's 
*anxtrement. (or accessoriæ). both animate (wife and 
inanimate (bel, fo«l ; from the animals pia resnlta his 
Own misery in hell, and daring future brute existence (the 
consqnence of slanghter) ; and the loss of life lads 
to his eonünaoas existence on the brink of death (on account 
of some incurable disease) (daring which state), though wish- 
ing to be dad, he still breathes, on account of there being a 
for fruition of (u death "ald "ve him 
PADS 40. 
87 
(38) IRing 
of vigour— 
• Con z—By the attainment of this, the Yogi raise to 
'be irrepressible pwers); and 
becoming perlect.d be is •ble infu* wisdom into his 
dieipl.. 
Era (39) being confirmed, 
knowledge of the how and wherefore of 
Con '—Supply accrue to him." "Who was I ? How 
? ibis (birth)? How i. this What •ball I 
HOW shall longinB knowing 
'boat his Inst, present •ad futuro births, bewtne by 
"tiså«L 
NOV Ve speak with regard to the Olnrvanea. 
(40) purity, for one's owo 
body and non•intercouræ with others. 
disgast«i with his Iniy the Yogi•begini pari- 
; but finding body to fall of he 
all attachment thereto, and thus "self-controll- 
(Yau). And farther (there is) "non-intercourse with 
apn the nature of the bcxly, and desiring to 
give ap his own Wy on account of not åndiug it purified 
even on being washed with clay and sncb 
ono have intercourse with the extreuely dirty bmlies of 
Otåers ? 
And also 
Sutra (41) t—Purity, complacency, concentration, 
subjugation of the and fitneu fcr 
communion with the Spirit—al accruing) to 
the thinking principle (Lit. Good—. 
Com pariåation realts the "parity" of the think• 
ing principle (mind), thence it. «)mpl.cency, thence its 
concentration, tbene ita subjugation of the and 
finally its fix spiritual th•e 
from the confirmation of parity. 
Sutra (40 contentment, supelative felicity. 
Con : As has been : "Whatever coo.titate• the 
desirable pleasure in this world, and whatever great pla.arø 
there i. in haven—I do not compare with the 
sixteenth or felicity attendant upon the 
of deire•:• 
Sutra penance, after the decay of im- 
the crcult powers of the body and the 
0m penance is accomplished, it 
the enveloping imparity ; and from the removal this 
loping imparity the occult pwers of the Indy (Btwy- 
•ney and the ret) of the (haring end 
great distance. e.) 
Sutra (44) study, communion with 'he 
deity. 
roaA-DARASANA. 
47. 
89 
Y—TO given to study, the the age and the 
prfrtoa., prcel*ible, sad ready for 
the In•d, the 
meditatiar. 
C— is accomplishd for who h" orerd 
ap his connect-ions With the lard ; by this 
plishtnent, he rightly knows all that is good for him, in 
places, in Other and Other thence his 
prceiv. all tbiug. rightly. 
and observance, together with the attendant 
have been de.cribd ; now of or the 
Sutra (46) i' that which is ad 
Cont—And there •re : the (1) Padmdnn.a (lotus) (2) Veerd— 
(beroic), (3) Bhadr&ana (decent), (4) Seastikdaana (like 
mystic sign) (5) (6) Sopairayd•ana 
(npprt«l) (7) Paryankå•ana (8) Krauncha- 
(seated heron), (9) 
(10) Vahtraniaå.da•ana (seated camel). (Il) Sama- 
unatåananna (evenly (12) StiirasuHdaana (tha 
and pl—nt) i. e.. in •eord•nee with one's pleasure, 
ud forth. 
the 
slackening of and the 
templatiou of the infinite. 
12 
90 
Supply—" it is aeompli.hed." On 
caution of effort. i. accomplisha ; and there 
no quivering of the body. Or, the mind 
the Infinite 
Sutra (48) by the 
vnirs (of oppsitesy. 
Cm tbe the Yogi i. 
emk.rraad by the of bat 
WId 
Sutra (49) the Regulatiai of 
the controlling of tbe of 
expiration. 
Com the aromplishment of resalb 
Regal.tion of Bratb, which consist. ia the interra— 
(stoppge) in the N»arse of inspiration (the inhding 
and exftat,ioa (the exhaling of the air). 
And again 
Sutra (50) —s an or 
by place, time and 
—protracted or subtile (long or sh«t). 
interruption, b' expiraticm, i' 
and that •gain, by in inspiration, inten•l ; 
the st.ence of both is the third, the stationary fancUa, 
attainable by single effort ; just drop of 
on hated stone—slab, sbrivelld from 
is the abeace of the (inspir.tion 
DADA n—strnA 51. 
Alt thM •re by pl.. Thi. prticalar 
plue is its objet ; regal.ted by time "—as characteri.ed 
the mæares of time; •i regulated of number first 
stroke to consist of so many inspirations and expiration. 
in the manner the second stroke of the overpwered 
(brath) is to consist of many in the ame manner the 
third, the slight, so the moderate, so the excessive.—.ach 
is the regal.tioa by number. And this regulation of Breath 
when practi.«l, is protractel or subtile (long or short). 
(51) •.—The finrth is depndent on the 
of the outer and inner spheres. 
C. oater sphere regal.t«i by time and 
na*r over, .0 also the inner •phere 
in the •me manner, being passed being 
well .abtile—tbat which is preeed«l by these. 
sod of the subjugation of the in the 
then two.—is the fourth kind of Regulation of 
Bratb. The third is the interruption untouched by any 
object, ao "'ner began tb.n regalst.«i by place, time and 
protract«i and sabtile and the fourth is 
the interrnption preceded by the indication ot the ant t", 
forth by the subjugation of the stage, throngb the 
reognitioa of the objects of exhalation and inhal.tion ; •ach 
is the l*tween the 3rd and 4th (the third is not 
peded by the cognition or any object, .nd i. brought about 
b' 'ingle effort, wberas the fourth is preced«l by the 
rägnitioa of object. sad i' only •men.ble to long 
Kanbh.k. kind. 
(52) —Then is destroyed the envelope light. 
Com the Yogi practising the regulation of breath, the 
action enveloping right kuowldge is detroyed. This is tha. 
net of delusion enveloping the 
netive tarns it toward. evil This light- 
enveloping aud birtb-aa.ing action of the Yogi is atteaaatd 
by the practice of the regulation of brath, and is deaying 
every moment. A. has been : There is no Fnanea 
the regulation of breath ; beause there-from 
the removal of imparitie Sad 'be illumination of know— 
And 
Sutra (58) fitnes of the mind for 
Con also results from regulation of brath •lone, 
in with the aphorism : "Or by the and 
retention of 
Nov what is Abtraction 
Era (54) is the assumption, as it 
by the senses of the original nature ofthe mind,from 
want of application 
Con the abence of application to their 
objects, restit. the "usamption, it were, of the 
ratare of the i. to on the snpprenion 
the mind, the •ense al" beoming do not stand 
in of any other means, like the control of Other 
One sense being .nppreued by • certain the •ab- 
jagatioa of 'be stands in nea of ;) 
bat on 'appres.ion of the mind. that of the sen* follows 
directly. Justas the bees ay along with the chief of the black 
and rat after he has so on the suppression of 
the mind, the sense. Excotne this constitute. 
Sutra (55) the c»mplete subjugation of 
the 
Com snbjog.tion of the senses mnsista in the non• 
hankering the v •riot'S sensuous objects, sound the 
some. Bankerliog is attachment, Which 
•lienate. the agent from hi. advancement. The appliation. 
not eoaWictory (to i. allowable ('0 this applia- 
free from that is contradictory to the Rrupture, 
sabjag•tion, to other'). The optional 
mmmanion with object. (i. other.. (Tb•t 
the "nee. turning towards and touching objects only when 
d.ired by the agent). Othes again .s.ert the subjugation 
of the to consist in perception of end the rest. 
free from pleunre and Init', t.hroagh the absence of attach- 
and It is total non—perception of 
sensation) dae to concentration—ay. J.ig-ish•vya. Thence 
(from abstraction) follows this highest form or •nbjag•tion— 
'iz„ suppression of the mind, the senses k*ing subjugated it 
not, in the cue of snbjng•tion of the stand in 
need of any other mean. due to any of the Yogi. 
.......................................................................
SECTION Ill. 
or OCCULT 
The five oater man. h.ving 
now proced. to explain Conceatr.tioa. 
Sutra (l) i. tho fixing 
a certain Iwality. 
Con I—It is the axing of the mind solely tbnagh its 
fraction. on the navel, the lotus of the hart. the light in 'be 
brain. the tip of the sad the tip of the tongt* 
external objects 
Sutra (2) condsts in the 
current of thereof. 
Co.: —i the nnifrtn in that plae the 
in the contemplated. That i. to 
pl.tion i. aatoueb«i by soy other cognition. 
(S) •me, enlightening the 
and of its own it is 
Con—Whea Ontemplatioa is consciou the frrm of 
objwt. and appan if devoid of ite own character of 
oa.oess. then on .ccount of its being infasd with the eh•r.e 
ter of the it becotn. meditatin. 
Not' : (1) • •O. in 
95 
thre (hncentrstion. (hate*tioa end 
(4) tqether constitute 
C.a.—The three having single c"ect, are 
which tbu. i. the t.æhnial name for the thre 
(5) t—From therein the lucidity 
conniousne•. 
mastering realts the lacidity of 
mdit.tive A. &nyama 
lucid. 
Sara (6) is applied by stage. 
co. is appli«l to another stage when 
the preceding one. never attain 
to the anal (highest) stage, by jumping over the intermediate 
.tage, without conqnering these latter. (The condition of 
the prceivd object being the lowest stage. that the 
Organ of perception the intermediate stage, and tb.t of the 
perceiver, the final stage). And without its attaining to the 
highest stage, •hence the Jacidity of consciousness? For one 
who through divine favoar conquered the following 
é.ges, it is not to practise Sany.m. with regard to 
ue prec«ling one. Why? Because the objæta of this 
latter will have slre•dy ben eogni.«l throngh the former. 
In the knowl«lge of the order of the this stage 
precd«l that—yoga is the only gaide. Why ? Beanse it 
ban declar«l: "Yoga is to be by yogn; from 
yoga does yoga proceed; one 'ho is not conf-tBed by yoga, h. 
delights in yoga." 
96 
—The år•e are more 
effective) than the former ona. 
Cont—The three—Oncentr.tioo, Contempl•tia "d 
more diret.ly effective in accompli.bing 
the former one, Re.tr.int and the rat. 
(8) is still foreign to 
Com—The preceding intimate triad of i. breign to 
the (abstract) ; W by ? 
meditation app-an only when the three •re absent. 
R.tra (9) 
is the conjunction of the mind with 
of On the overthrow and prevalence 
of the distractive (waking) aud suppr—ive 
prenions 
Cont—The distractive impreøion. the proprü. 
(material effects) of the mind, are not identical with 
lion, and each are not suppressed by the 
the cognition (in fact, they always outlive the cognitions 
Which they are it is the 
eaa.e whcne sappr.sion c.a.. that or the 
the snppre.ive impressions al" •re propertie of the mind; 
—the (rer*ctive) "overthrow and prevalence" of 
when the di.tr•ctive impressions wre vesting, and the suppre 
sire impression g•iuing ground, then the moment of .ap- 
pre.sion conjoins with the mind. Thos the change 
or iwpresious, occarriDg in 
'ADA 12. 
And then the mind only the imprasion• left 
bas been explaiud under suppressive (abstract) 
Mdit.tion (L IS). 
it wivh the following But the translation 
••The b' distractive (i.e.. 
would Ou of 
We not of 
The ot reply 
(10) •e—lt8 flow becomes tranquil from residual 
suppressive residua result. the tranquil flow 
of the mind, which depend. on the expertness in the practice 
of When dolled, 
the residua having suppression for their property are over— 
thrown by those whose property is distraction. 
Atra (11) destruction and enlivenment (resFc. 
tively) of the meltifunctionality and concentration 
of the mind is (its) meditative modification. 
Con S—Multifactionality is property of the mind, and 
i. Concentration ; the meaning is that there is destruction 
deay of maltifactionality .nd enlivenment or rise or 
; both Oi these are correlated to the miud 
holds them its properties. Thus this mind. co-rrelated to 
its eenstaral ( or identical ) aforesaid decay 
•ad rise—becomes e)llected or and this i. its 
meditative modification." 
Sutra (12) .—Then Again, the «»ncentrative modi6ca: 
tion of che mind is that in which the reppræ 
and the revived are equally recognised. 
13 
08 
one whose mind i. r.cified. the foregoing cogni• 
tion is tile 'rerpres*d,' aud the following one similar thereto 
is the revived ; the meditative mind, to the 
two is the same ( i. collected or concentrata this 
is the • concentrative modification or the mind to 'bich 
the c%uitiou. are related as it. proFrtia. 
Sutra (13) Also explains mcdificationa of 
property, time and condition, in the elementary 
substances and wn-e—orgaus. 
"—i.e„ the aforesaid modifications the mind 
—explains the modifications in 
the property, time and condition. 
of these the of property in the 
reppression and rise of the distractive and pro• 
perties in the object haviug those propertie (i.e., ia their 
respective causes). 
Tbe "modification of time" is the sapprenion of its 
threefold character—i.e., by the three limitations 
(of time). This suppression, first of relinquishing the 
limitation and not passing over 
becomes conjoined with the limitation or ibe preunt, 
'berein it becomes manifested in it. true coloar. Tbi• 
i. its second limitation ; nor i. this from the 
limitation of the past and future. Similarly, distraction 
(the waking of threefold character—i.e., 
by the three limitations (of time),— relinqai.biug the limitation 
of tbO and not over its property-næ, 
conjoined with the limitation of the i. 
its third limitation ; nor tbi• from the litnit•• 
tion. of the preen' and the future. Similarly •gain. distrac- 
Liou becoming accomplisW, and (ebereby) relinquishiug its 
PADA 18. 
99 
•limitation of futurity, and not over 
becomes to tbe of the present, wherein 
manifesting in its true coloars. begins its operation.. 
This is it. second limitation; nor does it get free from 'be 
limitation. of the and the future. So again suppression, 
end also distractiou. 
In the same manner, the "modification or condition 
(i. that) .bereiu, during the motneuts of suppression, the 
•oppressive are strengthened, and the distractive 
are wakened. This is the of the condi• 
or the properties. 
Among these, the of the Oliect having tho 
is by of these properties; of the 
is by means of the limitations ; 
or the limitations by mans of the conditions. 
Thtn the fanction of the attribute. doe. not even for a 
moment exist without the modifications of property, time and 
condition ( i. it i. constantly producing modifications 
tecause the function of the attribute i. ever mobile ; and 
the cease of operation been Aid to be the subordin.te 
of the attribute.. 
Thus in the elementary substanea and the 
Owing to the distiuctiou between the property nud the object 
h.viog it, there are three kiud. of ma.iiåation•. In rality 
however, the modification is one only. Because the property is 
Only of the object possessing it ; and such the above 
i' only the consideration of certain m«h6c.tious of the 
O*t, tbroagb the properties (i e., throagb the modifications 
of the properties). Hence, daring the put, present and 
state, become of the property present in 
(which holds it) is Only a change in it. pæition 
(form), sud any change of the (constitateut) matt... 
100 
As for example, to golden vessel on being broken. ud 
made to undergo a change, the only change that happu 
i. that of fortn, sad not that of the gold itself. 
Says another Banddh• holding complete identity 
the proprt y object possessing it) : object 
thing more the property, in 's much it doe go 
t*yond the former material ; for if tbe "Eject eontiaud its 
existence through the various modifications (of the property), 
then it would in reality become 
( To this we make the following reply ; i. no barm 
in this. Why? Because, we do not assert abnlaten... 
Thaa all the three worlds recede from manifestation (ia„ rede 
from present activity become past). simply 
of the denial of the (unchangeable) eternity (of mand•ne 
objects). And past), still it 
becanse of denial of its ; it' 
is doe to its correlation (i.e„ resolution into it. c.an); end 
from its minuteness results imperceptibility. The property, 
having the of time, existing in the 
limitation' of time), becoming past, end thus 
becoming conjoiu«i With the limitation of the 
disjoiu«l from the limitations of the the ; 
•imilarly the future, to the limitation of 
is not from those of the and 
l.stJy the present, joined to the limitation of the prey". 
is not disjoined from those of the pot and the future. 
(That is to every individual limitation 
by the Other two) J nst msn 
certain woman, it doe. not follow that be hu an 
fir other women. 
Here, in the modification of eme (limitation), •Il 
limitations together, there would 
13. 
of limitations. If this is urged •n objection. 
Chen Ve make the following reply : The character of the 
pro•Hty having established, we have to describe its 
different limitations ; for certainly its special character 
to the proprty not at the present time, 
(bat it has the •ame character even in the past and the 
For otherwise the mind would not have 
ment for it. property, because attachment doe. not exist 
•ben there is anger. And farther, the simnltaueoas relation 
of •ny individual With the three limitations, is not ; 
by degrees however there is the manifestation of it, by 
of its manifesting cause. As has been declared : 
The excessive mauife•tatioo, or forms and those of functione 
oprx" to One another, bat the genuine One. •ct in 
'ith the excessive manifestations (vide.this quotation 
under 11—13). Therefore, there no 'danixture (as 
urged by the objector). 
AS from the of •t.t•chment regard to 
object, it is not inferred that it does not exist 
fact being it is related to the latter 
in general the nrne is the case With limitation 
It is the proprty, and not the object pose.sing 
the property, the : The 
n.aiWed (present) well as well nnm.nit.tei, 
( future attaining to the various conditions (of 
strength and the like), are "id to have l»en 
changed—but this change is only in (condition), not in 
natter. Just a single line in the place of haudreds, 
hundred, in the place of ten. • ten, .nd iu the 
place of anits a unit ; sod again. • single woman is called 
mother, daughter and mother-in-law (according to circam- 
'be reuaiuiug Ibe same 
Against the theory or the of conditions," some 
people have raised the objection that ia that case there would 
be an unchangeable eternality ( ror objects and their 
pertin a property is said to be ia the 
When, being from the range of of 
limitation, it does not oat its own operation. ; when i' 
carries on its Operations, it is said to be in the preagn.t, and 
lastly, When it after having operated, it is to 
in the thus we find the limitations and the 
conditions of the properties and the objects having are 
unchangeably eternal. Thi. is the objection urged. 
(We is not a sound objection; beeanse thongh 
the object having •n attribate is eternal, yet there is quite 
Variety of the forms of the sappression (or over—throw) of 
attribute. themselves; just as the destructible (suppressible). 
agglomeratiou ( earth and the rest ) i. mere property of 
the indestructible (irrepressible) sound, Ode-ar (radi• 
ment•ry elements) ; similarly the reppressible 
(Ling., the Buddhi) is mere property of the irrepressible 
(Attributes) Goodness and the rest. Thus their mcxliåe.tion is 
attribnted to these (i. the properties Bud'", Earth 
Here we have the following instance ; The object clay, 
qniring a property other than that of lump, become. tn«lifid 
by the property,into the form of a this form of the jar, 
relinquishing the fatnre limitation, attain. to the preent one, 
and by limitation; •ud lastly. the 
ment•rily becoming new and Old, acquires the modification of 
condition. The change of the •properties of •n object is 
condition; and the change in the limitation of the property 
is condition; thus the change in matter is only one 
(i.e , the of condition); bnttbi. has ben shown in 
its divisions (i. though there is in only 
modification, that of condition, still the other two—that of 
property and limitation have been explained 
rADA 13. 
108 
'boagh rally bing the only particular of that of con. 
alone). The sunc consideration is to be app lied to all 
object.. 
All thee modifications of property and limitation and cou- 
dition never outgrowing the form of the object, the modifica• 
tioa is one •lone, sud this includes .11 the other particular 
Nov whet do yon mean by "modification" ? Modification 
in the apFar.uce of fresh properties for a certain object, 
on the cessation (Or reppression)of the former 
future ere the ; one kind 
tho 
(like 
tor tbcir 
any o' 
t" pi•oo ia matter, 'ben the obå-*t undergoing • 
&e.•• 'bea would 
the future and would result its eter- 
and like 'bo •entieat faculty; 
will not to the B.uddh• either. 
apply CO it do 
—reion. In go •o far to 'be ot the 
the three to nothing or partleal•r 
they Can to 
though we deny their eternality. never 
this mc•iacd eternality may ot then. 
(7) In •nUcipaUonot the objection obJoct 
reply is that their iapeeptibility 
.nd tba• it did not latently exist tbeR in Ita 
•hence later appearance ? For certainly 
can never bo brought into 
O) the an 
(Purash.) the auribut«• E) 
coa•ant eatitiæ. "ill •mea•ble to 
and 
"i d to The 
Among 
Sutra (14) '—The subject is that which correlated to 
the properties of tranquility, activity, and 
(inde*ribabi'ity). 
Com .—The property is only the fealty or the 
by calAbility; and its existence 
from the variety of its eaects, it is fouud to be wish 
regard to the Oue Subject. 
of these the present (active) property, it. own utivity, 
differentiated from the 
(past) and the latent (future) one.. Wben however it is 
correlated Only in a general then merely 
tbe form ot the subject, wherefrom should it differentiate? 
the properties of the snbject •re 
the active and the latent. of the tranquil are 
receded after having done their work; thei 
•re oprating are the actiee; both of these the fatan; 
the Inst I •recedes t he present. W here fore are not tbe 
one to precede the ones? Because among t" 
there is no order of precedence ; as the order or precedence 
we and baweea the Inst and the future is not bund in the 
14. 
of the with regard to the present. Therefore there 
nothing that precedes the For this resson the future 
præede. the present (this in accordance with the theory of the 
existence or the effect latent in the before it' 
m.aif"t..tioo 
Nov which are the latent Ones? (Reply) Everything 
the character of everything. With reg'rd to this 
declared : (3) Among the immovable objects we 
universality of the effects the form of the 
belonging to W't.er and Earth; similarly of the 
able. with regard to the movable, and 'ice ceru Thu. the 
not iniog 'oppressed (or else the various effect. would 
be reognis«i everything the nature of everything. 
Though t his is so. yet their manifestation is not 
of the being by place, time, 
end form. That which is correl.ted to these manifested end 
.unm.nifested properties, and which has both the general 
•Q»longing to the subject) and the special character (of the 
correlative i' the •abject. One (the 
Yogicbåra) however who assert. be uncon- 
(With anything else, because he denies the existence of 
•object Other than the prOHties of cognition and the 
like), for him there would be no exprience. Why Bec.ase 
•the actions performei by a certain idea (or 
,not tr.nsfer its effect to the other idea (for according to the" 
-t.bwri.t. there i' nothing except ideas, and these are momen- 
sod again there Coald be no memory of the action; 
'for object seen by one ( idea ) cannot be remembered by 
the recognition of (previously 
there mast be a subject correlative (to the various 
—i6cations of the objeen •hich i' recognised the "me, 
After it' properties have undergone change. Therefore it 
. annot rightly held that all Chat existe is mere 
property. 
14 
106 
single sableet the property or the torm ot eaFbiIity is Sea to 
the ot the untn.nifested 
(S) the 
and tho and the 
of air. ia 00 
.ble in the immovable—in enlarging 'be b' 
Sutra change of order is the cause of 
versatility ( or of rncx:lificMions. 
modification of one subject be 
only "—this urged, (we reply) that the change 
order can the canse of the versatility of the modifiaciou. 
.As for instance, the proper order is—dut of clay, lap 
of clay, the jar-clay, the clay of the broken jar, and tbø 
clay of the small pieces. The proper Order is the mention 
of the following pn)perty next to the one that 
the disappearing, the jar is 
•the order of of property.. 'order of 
linit.tion—as the preseab.st*te of ibe jar 
after its futare, of the its ; 
for the 
then. an order; but there 
• •accession ; there is order only of 
first two (the pt.ent and the future). Similarly 
the order of the modifiatk)n of the oldn— 
of the jar after its . Bewness; and this oldne— beiq 
manifested by order of 'be series of moments, att.iø 
to 6ual This is the third 
•Inve those of the Woperty and its lituitutioø. 
16. 
107 
These various orders, acquiring their form ou the differen- 
ti.tion of the subject and the properties 
also E»cotne subjects with refereuce to certain other properties. 
When however there is the idea of identity (of the property) 
in the tbas that property l*iog mentioned 
thereby ( ie., by naming the the Order 
app-an to be one only. of the mind. the properties are two- 
fold—the perceived and the uuFrceived of these the fortner 
•re the cognitions, and the latter, the objæta thetnselves. 
These. having their objective character got at by means ot 
inference are seven : (l) suppression ( the state absolute 
inferred from the disappeareoce of all 
(2) Virtue (sod vice, inferred from tile resulting pleasure 
sad Wn), (3) Residasl Impre—ions (inferred froro memory), 
(4) Modification (inferred frotn tåe mobility of the attributes). 
(5) Life (the effort to live inferred from breathing), 
(6) Movements (actiou inferred from the activity orthe various 
sense), and (7) Capability or Power (the latent cot.ditiou 
the effects, existing in their are the seven 
properties ot tie tniud, devoid perception. 
Henceforward begins consideration of the objects or 
for the amomplishment or She ends of the yogi 
quipp«i .11 tbe accessories. 
knowledge of the FASt and futtze 
(is aquired) •anyama over the 
modifications. 
Con .—From aanya.• over the modifications of property, 
and condition. accrues to the yogi the. knowledge of 
ibe and the inture. Sanyama has been defined as 
in contemplation and meditation 
takea together. Hence Vbe three Inodißcatioas being per- 
ceived, the yogi accomplishes the knowledge of the 
future related thereto. 
Word, the objected denQ by it 
its ida are commingled with One num-her, 
of their being mistaken for one another 
by sanyama over the distinct 
of each of these. (arises) the comprehension of the 
cry of •Il creatures. 
organ of s— has its pnrp•e solely with 
the letter pronoaneal ; the organ of bearing b" tbe 
tion of sound for it. object ; and the word finally is Frceptible 
through the apprehension of the letters taken a'llectively. 
The letters, not coming in simnltaneoasly. sod hence 
by one snotber, do not affect the word; as sæb 
giving ri.e to (any idea), bat each of them appearing .nd• 
disappearing by turns—are severally to of 
fortni the word. Every one of the letters. forming 
of a host of denotation. ('hen taken severally), 
when correlated with the accompanying letters, bet— 
mamfold. •o placed that of 
confined to the particular word by tbe ibe single 
letter ga ha. the capability of denoting gau, yapa, &C., 
so long as it is taken by itself; but as the 
joina with the letters •u, &e., it becomes manifold ; and neb 
of the t.o letters serves to confine the other to the partial.r 
word in qnntion. Thus( we see tbat ) ibe various lean. 
on the Order succession t*corne 
ed by the convention of meaning, and thoagh of 
.11 "rts denotations, yet ircotning subordinated to 'b. 
ga and the denote the particular obÉct with dewlep 
'c. (i.e. the co.). Tbu• the cognition of Ibe unity of ' 
PADA rn—avrRA 17. 
109 
chr.cterised by conventional meaning, and having the 
of utterance drawn together collectively) 
to the denotative name for the object 
SiugJe word—being the object a single 
pat forth by single effort, devoid distinction (be— 
tween the letters) (and hence also) of the order and of letters. 
belonging to brought forth by the of 
last letter (as by the impressions left in the 
of the preceding cognised 
entity by the popnlar mind correlatel with the impressions of 
"erlasting linguistic usage, by means of the letters, uttera 
•ith a view to expres the objects to others, and heard by tbø 
listener. And the disintegr.tion of this Word (into it. letters) 
dae to the notion of ppnl.r idea being 
Ch.t) the deuot8tor of the object i. such .nd such a particul.r 
•rmngemeut of '0 letters. 
is form of Remembrance consisting in the idea 
of the mutual identity the word and is deoot— 
by it: that COnVention is of this form—the the 
the meaning is the word idea of identity). 
Thaa then; these three—the word, the denoted by it 
"d the commingled on account of being 
mistaken for the 'cow' the object. 'cow • 
tie idea; and one who knows the distinction of these, know. 
everything. Every word has the force of sentence: the 
word •tree' implies its existence ; for certainly existence cannot 
denied to any object. Similarly there is no action withont 
mans; so the word implies all the agencies 
—nigg to it; the farther mention of the ageut, the 
object and the instrnmeuts (Cbuitra, tbe rice aud fire) being 
Ede only in order to spcify these; aud further we find single 
Vord• used for sentences—the word 'rotriya" for "studies 
Vedas," the word lives " for holds life." In sentence, 
is expreuiou or the aseaniogs of words, Lbus 
110 
'00 A-DAU8AVA. 
there being the expression of the meaning of a sentence in • 
Word, and that of the meaning of tbe word in a 
there is confusion the word is to be broken up (into it. 
parts) and then explained to which part of it 
expreøes the verb, and which the nominative (as the word 
•arotriya i. broken np into " one (nominative) who studio 
(verb) the re," Or otherwise, in cue of 
(meaning by itself, both breathedat) 
*pay" ( —tie milk of tåe ah'—goat, and also, thou 
suppre.ud). there being a confusion of the nune and tho 
verb by the two meanings of each), bow 
these be explainel either with regard to the verb (it it wen 
taken as a name) or to the nominative (in case it were taken 
as a verb)? thedistinct province of these word, meaning and 
idea—e.g., "the house is wkitenin/'—the word signiO•ing 
the verb ; and "the house is the word 
signifies the noun (so much for the word); 
meaning is consisting in the verb or in the noun; and 
(thirdly) the ides is that which apprehends the 
meanings. Why ? in convention the idea 
one form, being based 00 the identity of the 
"this is that," —the •white object" beiug the object or the word 
as well as of the idea. That is to Say, in the above example 
the idea is that of the honse io front being a white one, 
ever may the words in which the idea is express«l). And 
this object under its modifications is accompanied neither by 
the word, nor by the idea. Similarly the word and the ides 
do not accompany each other. The consciousness of the die 
tinct province of each being in the form—the word i. different 
from the meaning which agaiu is different from the ides.' 
From the S.iyana over this distinction, to the 
yogi, the comprehension of the cry of all creature.. 
(Hot• : (I) 
Ot the word i. capable 
PADA UI—SUTRA 18. 
why •bould there at The 
reply that the or Single word 
i. Very .mbIgu•NS, hence the nee—it' ot 
Sutra ( : By the mental presentation of the 
the knowledge of previous birchs. 
Com are of two kinds...(l) Those in the form 
of the residnal longings. the Oi memory and the 
Lions, and (2) those in the form of virtue and vice, leading to 
fruition. Both of these kinds, accomplisha in the former 
birth, are the properties of the miud, imperceptible, like 
b«liaeation, movement, suppression, life ( the proper— 
ties the mind spoken of Ill, 15 The 
over these is of rendering the impressions apparent ; 
nor i' .nch presentation p.sible withont cognition of tbeir 
time, place and cause (of the previous birth Thus the 
knowledge of the previous birth accrues to the yogi tiarough 
the mental presentation oftbe impressions. Iu the case of 
Others too there is a similar knowledge of another'. birth, 
fillowing on the mental presentation of their impressions. 
In with this we bave a story 
accrued to the revered Jaigtsh•vyn, possessiug, 
tbrough the mental presentation of the impressions, a 
knowledge of the orderly rn«Ai6cation of his birth extending 
Over ten Pral•.yie creations. The revered Åvatya, thus spoke 
him : "Through ten Kalpic creations having your conscia 
unrepressed, you must have come across the pains 
dae to birth in a hellish or a brutish womb; and being born 
gain and again among men and the gods, of the two, 
plasure and did yon find in greater amount?" Jaigt- 
replied : having my COOSciousness 
ed through ten cycles, and coming across the pain due Lo 
bellisb and bestial births, aud beiug born again aud again 
112 
em-Ong and men, whatever I experiened, all I think 
to be solely F.in." Say. the revered Åvatya. "Thi. an. 
sarpaewi pleasure of contentment consisting in mastery 
over that thon include this 
under ? Replied the revered Jaigfrhavya : This 
of contentment i. excellent as cornrnr«l with sensaoa. 
pleasure ; ia comparison With isolation however, this 
pain. Because this of contentment property 0' 
Baddbi, ss sach abounds io the three ; and 
consciousness partaking of the three has been pat 
under the bead of should be avoided.' Thea, coatent• 
ment is said to be pleasure becaase the string. of desire 
being of the of pain, removal of 
unrestrictel pleasure. 
XXXX
"19. Sutra 19: With reference to cognition, the knowledge of another's mind.<p> From the Sanyama over cognition--i.e. from the mental presentation of the cognition (of others), results the knowledge of other's minds.",
"20. Sutra 20: But not along with its object, that not being the object.<p> The Yogi knows the mind of another, as attached to something; but he does not know 'it is attached to that particnlar object.' Because that which is the object of another's mind, is not the object of the Yogi's mind; it is only another's cognition (or mind) that is made the object of the mind or the Yogi.",
"21. Sutra 21: From Samyama with reference to the shape of the body, its visibility being suspended, and thus its connection with occular light being severed,--there is disappearance.<p> From the Sanyana with regard to the shape of the body, the visibility of the shape becomes suppressed; and on this suspension, the connection of the body with the light of (other people's) eyes ceases; and thence results the disappearance of the Yogi. The disappearance of sound and the rest are to be explained in the same manner.",
"22. <em>Sutra 22: is not included as such, and 'the disappearance of sound and the rest are to be explained in the same manner' is considered as part of Vyasa's commentary of the previous verse</em>",
XXX

(22) is active and dormant ; and by 
• over this, results the knowl«lgø of tbe 
end ; as by portents. 
in life of tv 0 kinds : 
and the dormant; the actiN i. similar to vet piece of 
cloth sprea over the ground, which dries ap in a very 'bort 
time; whereas the dormant is like the same piece of cloth tied 
ap in bundle, drying ap in a long time ; or again, the active 
i. like Ere in dry straw helped by the wind, barniug it eotnple. 
tely in very short time; and the dormant is similar to the 
—me are when placel in various r.rta of the bap of straw, 
barning it ina long time. In this 'ay the Karma of one 
birth," bringing .tnat life, is of two kinds—the •etice and 
By over these, results the knowledge of death. 
also by are threefold ; corrx»real; ele— 
• and celestial. of these the • • is that, br 
one not hear the 
( prcxluc«l in the stomach by brathing), or when one 
not see auy light closiugthe eyes. Similarly the 
15 
114 
elemental i. that •hen one the attendants of 
; or when one all on •adda his dad fore 
f.then;.nd the • cele.tW is that When one saddenly bbolds 
the heaven, or the Perfæt One, or uytbiug contrary to the 
Ordinary coam of event. (i. prtent). By 
tm one knows his end to be nar at had. 
&tra ( 23 ) friendlir— and the rest, 
man ) powers. 
Co. mercy, and the thre 
Euotioos or (f"lings). of by the feeling orfriendlinæ 
towards .11 happy ct•eatar-•, Oue scqaire• the 
friendline•. By feeling mery for the be 
acquire. the Inver of mercy. And by feeling • 
towards the rigbtma., be the pwer. of 
The S.ny.ma consisting in melitation ( ant-empl.üo• 
concentration ) preneeding from thne emotions, malts in 
each have their facaltie nnrepr..«L Wit 
to vicious one ha. indifference, and not any 
thu in 'hi. there is no melitation and sach no 
wer prtxeed. from indifference, of the 
Scny.a with reference this. 
*'tra ( 24 ) pwers, the pwer of the 
and the like. 
Cn over of the 
•alt. Inver ; from th.t over the of 
a pover and from 
the sir, the cir-like pove. 
23-26. 
115 
( 25) of light tbe 
Cluminau dis—tion, ( resultö the knøwldge 
ad the remote. 
t—Tbe Laui.oas di.psition of the mind 
already been explain«i ( in 1—80). The yogi epplyin€ 
light of this disposition inner ) to the 
.pbülo r.uoCe obi«t., acquires the kuowlage 
tbee ( objects 
( in San, the know- 
l.ige of the v«lds. 
or this are There •re 
: From Avichi to the of the Mera i. the 
( From the Mera to Dbrava ( 'be polar star ) 
Region occapid by the planets, .nd star. 
Above that i. the Celestial Region ( 3)— 
being the third of the fourth the 
or ( the Lamiaoa• Region ); the three. 
"d J.ualok. ( Region ) 
( R"ioa of auteritia ) sad the Satyaloåa (the Region of 
Tratb •re thu dæribed Thq thre—regioned 
Brahmalo*a, the grat Pråjapty.lok•, thea the 
Have-a. tbea tbe Sky wicb the stars, and 
the Earth with the various orations. " Placed 
the the great Hellish Regions. 
Kaleya 
Bata •ad placed in the Earth, 
Air, Space •ad ; in these •re born 
cratare. with long of life therein, and •ha 
•eqaird the experience of by theis own deed.. 
Vader tbae •re the •even Nether World. MabAtal., Rui- 
At.l., V it.l., T.låt•l•, "d This 
116 
Earth coasistiu: of tbe 'even continents, is the eighth 
io the centre of whieb is land of the MoantAin•. the 
Golden Men, are silver, 
crystal, gold, aud jewels. The Southern region of the 
sky here is of the coloar of the blne lotus through 
of emerald peak ; the white. the W "tern 
the Northern goldeu. On the Northern side of this 
tree, whenee this continent the 
On of the of the San. it 
always touched by night Mid day. To the North of this •re 
tbree mountains, four thousand mile. high, h.ving bJae and 
white peaks. Within these mountain-range are three coan- 
trie.. each 72.000 Miles—Ramapaka. Hir.pmay. and the 
Uttar. Kara. To the South are the Moaat.in. 
Hem.kata and Him.. extending over 4,000 Miles ; vit.bio• 
these are conntri• 72,000 
Kim and the TO the East of Mera 
upto the M.Jyavan monnt.itu to the 
West are the Ketumål.a extending opto the GandhaoU.n. 
mountains. In the centre is the Ilavrita. 8.000 
mile. on e.cb side o.' Mera Sarrounda by it. ( •her.fore 
Mern their centre). Sach i. the 
extending over VO,OOO miles ; •nrrounded by the 
twice its size. Tbencefortb follow the other continent.—S'Ak.. 
Kranncba, S'ålm•la, and 
twice the size or the other ; as also tbe even Oce.os—like 
heap of oil.æl, interspe.ed with several moantain.—0L 
Sugerc.nejaice, Wine, Batter,Curd, Gruel, Milk, Pare W.ter. 
Thn. the seveu so many 
surrounded by the seven Oceans. together with the 
visible and invisible, re.cb the extent of 
All this with its p«ition fixed, is containa ia 
which is 'he atomic part of Matter, the firefly in the 
Aniobg tbe nether regions, •in the Oceans, and 
YADA 26. 
317 
live Kam.ru, Kimparashu„ 
Y.k.ha., Rak.ha—. Bhata., Pretaa, Pisacbas„ 
and the VinåyAk•s. In the 
«»ntinents live the rigbt«'a. and men. The Somern 
is the garden boa" 0' In this are the 
Misr., Nandana, Ch.itr.r.th., and Som.n.sa. The sssembly 
of the gods is the Sadharmi; their city the Sudan.na, the. 
the 
-The and the Stan, bound to the Poli Star, and 
having their motion. manifestei by the constant action of the • 
wind, and pl.e«l 'bove the Mera, keep constantly revolving. 
The inhabitants of the Mihendr• are the six Divine 
fridasbas, AgeisbwAtta., Yimyu, Tashit.u, AHinirmitavua- 
v•rti and the thae Vrind•raku 
•n irresistible With the eight powers, 
and the rest, their of life extending to ; 
they rejoice . in sexuality. and are endowed with bodies 
born without sexual intercoane, have loving apsar-aa 
for their wives. In the Prijipty.• Maharloka live the five 
Divine Beings—the Kzm..da., the Rib.'araa, Pratardanaa, 
of the Anjaubåa•, and the Prachit.båa.'. These D having the 
grat elements under their prer, live in contemplation upto 
In the Jan•lOk•, Ot Brahma, ere 
the foar divine beings, the • Brahmaporohit.•s, the 
Brahm.kayikas, the Brahmimahakayikas, and the Amaru— 
have command over the element. and the 
In the second, the Taploka, of Brahma, there are the three 
Divine biog.—the Abb.swaru, the Mahabhuvar•s, 
"d the command over the. 
elements, the sense. and Nature—having their span of life. 
of one •nother; living on «»ntempl.tion, their • 
emen withheld, their knowledge nnob.truct«i in the higher 
regions, cand Lin the lower r$ons having the •object.. a-lt. 
unveiled to their view. In third. the S•tplok• 
•re bar Divine Beinp—tb AAyua., 
the •ad the S.ajaaunjis. lave no 
hou• of their own. and in tbem.elvu. livizg 
the dber, unm•ndiag Nature, live leag u 'be 
cratba of tbe.e, the Achyatu r4)ice in the 
of argamautive mditation. 'be Suklh.nivå.a in the blin 
Ddication, S.tyabh.. 
of pare Min; and Sanjaa..n» in 
pre Egoism. ia e. 
not 
la dis— 
that 
ia line have 
in the or-diary 
All thi. is to yogi, by 
in the San by that in The 
to so bag u thee are not 
Sutra (27) the the of 
Sarry Rqions. 
C. : Throagh in the is to 
the of tbe Stan. 
(28) Polar Star, 
Com 2—.By S•nyam• in the Polar Star i' to 
motion 0t the •tan. By applid to tbe 
one i' to how them. 
Atra (29) the circle of the navel, 
of rr•ngement of the 
W-.33. 
in the avdarcle, know 
of the In the Wy there are thre ha- 
' xrs—Wiad, Bile and Phlegm ; end are Eva 
blcxd. •eh, sinews, m•rrov "d 
men—tb.e namd in order externlity ( the 
bing 
•Era the the cesaåon of hunger 
and chirg. 
Co. the thre is thrad, which 
below 'bich i. lb. pit, by the 
and thirst trouble y%i. 
(31) '—In 
Con the there i. of 
.h.p of t«toi" (placed or alligator). 
the •t.t•in• to 
the light, 
there is • hole efalgent 
light—by whereof there is vision of the 
One, wandering midway the end 
Era (33) from intuitia (or indght), 
the forerannr of 
dinrimin•tive knovldge, the Dawn is of Sanri". On the 
of indgbt, the knov 
•grything, 
120 
Sutra (M) the hart, knowledge of mind. 
this eity of Brahma ( the ) there is • pit, 
the boase—thereiu result. consciousness from tbe 
Sauyuna whereof, the knowldge of mind. 
Stgra (35) •.—Experience is the 
tion of the of and the 
which, are quite unconnecta ; ( and this expe 
rience) being for another's purpæe, tbe knowledge 
of the Spirit •rises from the &znyama his own 
COR.—The attribute of Sattv• belonging to the Bad- 
dhi, and being of nature of illatniu.tion, sapp— 
Rajas and Tam", which are equally relit-ed to S.ttv•— 
and than develop into the wgnition of the difference of the 
•t tri bate of Sattva end the Parasb.. The Spirit, being 
tially pare, and solely consisting of intelligence. is 
dissimilar to the tncxiifying attribute of S•ttv.. The un- 
differenti•td conception of thae two which are 
anconnæt.el, is the objeca being 
presented to him. Thi. expriential dyneeption of the 
bate of Sattva t*ing for another's parBse, is perceptib!e. 
That which is distinct therefrom"... the Soars conception 
"sting of pare Sanyama over this, there vis's 
knowledge having the Soul for its object. The Sonl i. 
• by the spiritual conception by the 
of Buddhi. In fact it is the Soul itself the 
conception based on its own nature ; has been 
Whereby is one to know the knower (Bribed Vps* 
tut 
36-38. 
121 
pro*ed intuitional cognition, 
audition, touch, vision, gustation and olfaction. 
intuition the cognition of the snbtile, 
intercepted, remote, past and future objects; from audition 
the hearing of celestial from touch the 
cognition of touch ; from vision the consciousness of 
cel"ti.l form ; from gustation, the cognisance of celestial 
taste, and from olfaction the cognisance of celestial smell 
tbee are prodae«l for ever. 
Sutra (37) are obstacles in ( the way of) me- 
dit.acion; but Ferfeetions in the distractive (waking) 
Cm —These—i.e. intuition and the rest appearing in one of 
m«iitative obstacles; because they go against 
de.eriminative knowledge ; bat appearing ia thc.e of 
distracted minds, the* are so many Frfectionø. 
Sutra (38) —From relaxation of the eau* of 
bondage, and by a knowledge of the method of 
passing, ( proceeds ) the entrance of the mind into 
another body. 
Con the fickle nod unsteady mind, the confinement 
in the body is due to tl•e force of karmic residua. The relaxa- 
tion of this karma is the of bondage is brought 
by the force of meditation. The knowledge of the me- 
of of the mind too is produced by medit& 
tion. On the decay of karma, and by the knowledge of the 
process of his own mind, the yogi infoses his mind into other 
Wies, •Rer extracting it from bis The mind thns in• 
16 
122 
YOGA. DA RSANA. 
fused becomes correlated to the senses; jast the bees fol- 
IOW their dying oat flying in, the 
mind entering into another is followed by 
Sutra (39) the subdual of uddna, 
and non-contact with water, mud, thorns and the 
like. 
Com —The function of the aggregate of the senses. charac- 
terised by and the re.t, constitutes Life. It. ectiou is 
fivefold : (l) The Pråna, extending from the heart and 
ceeding by the mouth and the nostril. ; (2) the ex. 
tending to the navel, eocalled from ita levelling tendency; (3) 
the Aping, extending to the soles of the fM't, so called frorn 
its declining or descending tendency; (4) the Uddna,extending 
to the bead, so callei from its ascending tendency ; (5) the 
pervading I•-yina. Ot these Prdna is the chief. From mastery 
over Uddna results non-contact with water, mud, thMn., 
as also ascension at the time of death. The operator attains to 
it in the character 0t 
Sutra (40) mastery over Samåna, effulgence. 
—One who bas snbdaed the Sam". børns (after 
death by the fire raised out of his own 
Sutra (41) .—From Sanyama over the relation Betwen 
the organ of hearing and ikåsa, B'rfect audition. 
Com auditory organs as have their 
abidance in Ikea; has been 
who have their andition extending over equal area', have it 
limited to one area" ( (i.e. all organ of haring 
PADA 4243% 
123 
exist in n is is characteristic of as a ISO 
is unreiledneu. Similarly, there being no covering for the 
comes to have the property of omnipreseuee. 
The organ of heariug is inferred from the perception of sound 
of two persons, deaf otherwise One perceives the 
the Otber does not. Therefore it is only the Organ of hearing 
has wand for object- TO one who h" practised 
over the relation of the organ of hearing and Åkåsa, 
perfect 
&tra (42) the Sanyarna over the relation of 
the body and ÅkåsA, ( results ) pssage through 
space, from the acquisition of levity like that of 
cotton. 
Con there is body, there is also ÅAksa, be 
it is this latter that gives it The relation between 
'bee is that of approach; from having Saoyama over this nod 
thereby subduing the relatior, and acquiring the levity of light 
o*ts like eottou down to the atom. and thereby snbdaing 
aforesaid relation, the yogi becomes buoyant ; and by this 
buoyancy the yogi is able to walk on the enrfaee of water; and 
Also sopporting himself by the spider's thread.he wanders in the 
laminoas rays of tbe Sun 'and thence his uuobstructed 
in space. 
&tra external, unthought of junction (of 
the mind ) is thi "Great thence 
the falling of of the veil of illumination. 
Com jnnction of the mind (Kitside the body is called 
the incorporeal" Dharapa. It is called kalpit' ( tbongbt 
of) when it is only the external function oi the mind abiding 
in the When on the other hand, it is the external 
124 
function of the mind outside the body, and as sach indepen- 
dent of it is called the Akalpita ( unthonght of). 
Out of these two the yogi by the thought, accom- 
plishes the Great Incorporeal, by means 
which he eaten Other From re alts the 
of the veil—the threefold fnnction of afficti0tE end 
originating in foulness and darkness—of 
bas the nature of illumination. 
Sutra over the elements, from the 
Sauyama with reference to 
subtlety, concomitance and usefulncss. 
.—The specific qualities .oand and the ret. belonging 
to the Earth &c., together with the properties of dap' 
and the rest, are named gross;" this is the firet form of 
the elements The second form is their respective generic 
characteristic G. for the Earth, Viscidity for the 
Water, hest for Fire, for Air, for 
this is •hat is includ«l in the term "ch.r•c— 
ter- The speciåe forms of these generic Ones, •re Sound 
and the rest. As has declared: "of these (element.) 
included in one class (that of "Eleuent"), the only" differnti.- 
distinguishing properti.." In this 
system, Sabst.nee is the aggregate of the generto and 
characteristics. Bec•nso the wggregate exists in 
) One in which the distinct names of the con- 
stituent members are suppressd—as body, •tree 
• crowd • ; and (2 ) that in which the constituent 
are mentioned—as •both men and which one 
portion are the men • and the other the • ; and it is 
only by means of these portions, it •n 
aggregate." Again the aggregate may be through differ- 
ence as well as non-difference, I ) as the grove of 
PADA 44. 
125 
• a crowd of Brahmanas ( the genitive cue always implying 
difference) ; (2) as mange-grove' • Brabmana-crowd 
(there t*ing non-difference of the aggregate frotn its 
constituent members). This again is two-fold : ( I ) Those 
that their constituent members separated from another, 
sad (2) those whose constituent members are not so 
As examples of the first we ' forest • 
•crowd' ( where the member. forming the crowd 
exist separatelv of ( 2 ) We have. body 
and the like ( Which. have memixrs consi.ting in thetD• 
of these, Substance belongs second kind 
of aggregates—so holds ratapjali. Thus has been 
the form." 
Now what is the sabtile form of these ? ( Reply : ) The 
Rudimentary Elements, from which the Elements take 
their rise. The Only constituent member of these the atom, 
consisting of the generic aud specific (characteristics ); and 
thus these form an aggregate of the class of those having tbeir 
constituent members coexisting. The same case holds with alt 
rudimentary elements. This is the third. Subtlety. 
Now begins ( the consideration of) the fourth form of the 
elements The attributes being of the nature of illumination. 
activity and inertness correlated to the character of their respec- 
tire effects.—are mentioned by the word •s concomitance." 
Their fifth form is "asefaloess", fruition; the character of be. 
ing for the purpose of experience and emancipation belonging 
to the attributes, attribates being related to the 
ments, gross as well rudimentary, as also to the elemental 
objects (jar, co. come to have a purpc.e. 
Thus then from Sanyama over the above-mentionei five 
forms, resalt8 the perception well the of these. 
of these, by the five elemental forms, the yogi be— 
the conqaeror of the elements ; and therefrom the 
126 
YOGA-DARSNA. 
elements along follow the dictate of 
just as cow follow. it. calf. 
Sutra (45):—Therefrom proceed Attenuation and the 
rest ; as also perfection of the body, aud the 
destruction of its functions. 
Cbm.—of these, Attenuation is thit whereby the Yogi becoma 
atomic; Levity or Buoyancy is that whereby he light; 
by Illimitability he becomes great: by 
ches the moon by the finger-tip; Irresistible Will is the 
frustration of be sinks in and rises to the 
of the earth as in water; by Snbjection he becom• the 
doer of the elements and other objects. being himself unsabdaed 
by others; by " Supremacy be becomes the dispenser of the 
origin, dissolution and position of the elements; "Fulfilmeot of. 
Desires is the trathfalness of one's determination—i.e. the 
dispsitiou of the elements and their causes in accordance With 
his will or determiuation. Though having the power, be 
does not chaogc the nature of things not make • moon 
of the sau and so on). Why? Because of their having been 
determined by the will of the Primeval Perfect Being ((h&) of 
the irresistible will. These are the eight Perfection. or 
Occalt Posen. 
The perfection of the body will be explained in the next 
aphorism. 
"The non-obtraction of its earth does not 
obtract, by its shape. the actions of the yogi's ix»dy. in 
much as he enter* even the stone ; the viscid water wet. him 
not ; nor doe. the hot fire barn him ; nor does the fast wind 
move him ; and lastly even in the unveiled Akasa,he h" hie 
body veiled, in as mach he is invisible even to the Perfect 
Ones. 
PADA 46-47. 
127 
Stra (46) (symmetry of form Loveliness, 
Strength, and Adamantine Toughness (of the bcdy) 
constitute Bodily Perfection. 
Con Yogi is) beautiful, lovely bright, with 
strength, and witb an adamantine 
Era (47) —From Sanyama with reard to perception, 
nature, egoism, concomitance and usefulness, re- 
sults mastery over the sense-organs. 
Con and the rest in their generic and the speci- 
fMtns, constitute the per-ceiced ; the function of the senses 
*itb regard to this is perception; and this does not consist in 
the perception of the generic form alone ; for how could the 
perceive any object together With its SFcific forms 
which bas not been pereeiv«l ? 
N•ture the aggregate 
with coexisting constituents, of the specific and generic 
(effects ) of the Baddbic Sattva which is of the nature of 
illumination. 
Their third form is self-consciousness consisting in "egoism" 
—the generic form of which the senses are the specific forms. 
The fonrth form are the Attributes, of the nature of Illumi- 
nation, Activity and Inertness, consisting in ascertainment (the 
property ot Buddhi.) whicb is constituted by the three attri- 
bates —whereof the sense-organs together with self-con- 
rioasness, are the modifications. 
The fifth form is the character of the of 
being for the soars purpose. 
From gradually Frtorming Sanyama over these five 
forms, tbc yogi subdues each of them separately—and frotn 
fivefold couquest proceeds the mastery ever the senses. 
128 
Sura (48) —Therefrom (proeed) like that of 
mind, un-inst rumental perception, and complete 
mastery over Nature. 
Con acquiring of the snpern.taral movement of the 
body is like that of mind. 
Uninstramental Frception i. the functioning or the 
of the Incorporeal ( yogi ) in With the time. 
place and object by him. 
Mastery over Nature i' saprem•ey over all the 
Eons of Nature. 
These three perfections are called Honey-like," and 
ceed from the aforesaid mastery over the fi ve Sense-organs. 
Sutra (49) AS one has distinctive knowledge of 
the attribute of Sutea and Spirit, (their results) 
supremacy over all conditions, and •ISO omni- 
Com one who rejoices in the snpreme effulgence ( the 
High Vasbtkara ) of Baddhic goodness freed from all taint of 
Foulness and Darkness Who thns abide in 
distinctive knowledge of Goodness and • 
aeernes the over all conditions kinds 
of attributes, active and passive, repair to the absolute vision 
of their the Knower of the 
science "—the simultaneous discriminative knowledge of the 
universal attribntes, existing in their past, present and fatnre 
states. This is the Vishoka ( Sorrowless ) Perfection, by 
taiaiag to which, the yogi becoming omniscient, nnders 
abont, on the falling off 0t the Inndage of ( « 
aalictions ). 
PADA 50-51. 
even thereto, fdlows 
the sed evils having detroyed. 
Cm .—When the of trwble end the yogi 
agiWes tba.—•• this distinctive wgnition i. a property or 
which is the avoidable, and the Soal is an- 
modifying and other than Ganess "—then of this dis. 
yogi, the seed. or troable bæomiag unproductive. 
like tbe burnt together with the mind. 
And thoe having the Soul does not again expe- 
rience the three-fold Tbas the isolation of the Soul 
in his absolute separation from the attributes whose 
hu been falßlled. and who ere msnifested in the 
of the function of karmic troubles; then alone the 
abidance in his ova pure—i.e. pare Sentience. 
Era There should be) avoidance of asswia. 
tioa with, and pride in, temptations, f« 
there is possibility of ræ:arrence of evils. 
Con roar kinds of yogis 1 ) Pr•tbatns. 
blpik• ( neophyte of the ant stage), ( 2 ) the 
( 3 ) The Prajnajyoti, and ( 4 ) The of 
these, the one light ( of intuition ) has begun to opr•te 
is the first. The second i. the troth-sapporting-wisdotn. 
The sublaer of the elements and the sense-organs is the 
third—one who taken protective towards that 
•hich has been felt ( the of tbe senses), and equip- 
with the means ror the accomplishment of that which i' 
to be felt ( the vishoks The fourth i. one who bas gone 
byond feeling ; the one of sach a one is the retro- 
grade sctivity dissolation ) of the mind ; •ad to him Inloag. 
the sevenfold or the stage. 
17 
To the diret.ly preeiving the 
tbe Btw—perceiving the parity of hi. 
him to the pwers: Well come and enjoy yourselves 
here ' are these plasure And dair.ble i. this 
girl Thi. drug stop old age and death t Airy is thi 
veyaace Th.e are the Kalptree i. tbe 
Gang. t Perfect are the grat Ri.hisl Excellent. 
ogreable.re the Aparu Supernatural the Eye 
Ear t Adamantine the body t Thou hut right to 
.11 this by thy «»tne and have recourse Co 
anGying nndæaying •bode, loved of the God'. 
Being thtn invited, the is to think over the 
of attachment in this manner: broild in the 
Ere of metempsychæis, and through the dark 
abyss of birth •nd death, I have somehow or other 
quired this light of yoga, the dispeller of the darkne. of 
trouble. of this light the airy object. (of 'ease) bra 
bf de.ire, are the opponents. So how am l, having 
ibis light, to be deceived by longing the 
sensuous objects, and thus to baru in mynlf dying 
em of the fire of ? so good bye. to you 
All dreamy objects, the desired of 
In this determined attitude the yogi is to sit 
ditation. Having •voided he is 
pride—i. ( he i. not to take pride ) in the Ect of his Mng 
invited even by the god', because steeped in this Fide •nd 
considering himself safe, he 'ill not perceive himnlf •aght 
up by the by De.th. And then will 
ing for another hole ( diserernncy ) in his mudnd, and only 
sappressible by constant watchfulness, finding the above 
enliven the (sleeping) 'Nictions. Thence the 
puibility of evils. Thos for one who avoids 
and pride, the end vill strengthend, 
the end to be 'ill come up to the 
PADA ".53. 
lav 
Sny•ma ove the And 
their order, the knowledge born of discrimination. 
the smallest divisin of matter the atom, so 
•mallet division oftitne i. is the time 
by the motion of an 'torn one place to another ; the 
dow of this i' •s order. " of moment and ie 
order there is no aggregate ; therefore Day. Month are 
aggregate of many d)gnitions ( ach coming in One 
Thas Time is devoid of reality, E*ing mere 
cration of the mind; bat being correlated to the verE•) N»gui. 
it distinct entity to ordinary people in the 
distracted state. Tbe'Moment thus becoming objective (i. e.. 
entity in itself) becomes also related to the (usamed) 
Order ; this order consists in the non-interruptio. of two mo. 
ment..—to this (order) the time-knowing yogis give the nome 
Two moments annot occur together ; for no Ordu i. 
—blefor.ny 'wo things oeenrring •imaltaueoa•ly. Order is 
the eqaenee of the following moment from preceding one. 
the•• being none 
either Fast or fatare ; and as sach there is no collective term 
fir it (as Time). The fntve and the past moments ( those 
that are popalarly so called ) are to be explained as referring 
b the different modification'. Thus by means of a single mo. 
ment does .11 the world experience modifications ; ud •Il the 
poprties are mere encumbrance. On this single moment. 
By the Sanyama over this moment •ed its order, there i. 
diret perception of thae, and thence proceed' the knowledge 
of dixrimin•tion. 
The 0b*t of the is : 
Xtra results the knowledge of 
the ( difference of ) two similars, when that dif• 
132 
ference is not marked Out b' kind, 
Com similar objets resembling otber in 
psition and cher.cter, the ground of difference exist. ia the 
d of in the cue of the cov the 
When there is similarity of position and kind, then it exigts in 
that of character—as the Kalakshi cow,and the Swaat.imati cow 
Or two fraita of the same kind and character, tbe ground 
or difference lies ia the difference of their •ove 
tim; 
and the Other below If ho Ve 
•gent is 
coming the first. the mind 
in the other, and sach the one al" is brought over 
to the place of the second. tha the Order of p.itioa 
inexplicable by the ordinary process; bat it comes from dis. 
criminative knowledge free from •Il doabt. How? Tba 
place occapied by the first frait is different fr•n 
occupied by the second fruit; and these two frait• differ by 
the recognition of their respective positions; and the 
difference between the two i. the recognition of re, 
peetive positions. By this example it is shown thit tba 
yogi reogai•e. the digerence between two •toms similar in 
kind, character and position, by the direct tbe 
time and place related to the first atom, the 
the place of the second atom being dae to in—bility of the 
former place t*ing by the s«ond •ton 
neously •ith the 
Other. the other hand deeribe the proæ. 
the anal specific property that produces the 
Bat in this •ISO the ground or diFer.n• is 
the difference in p.ition and character, also the diff..nce 
ia shape and kind. The difference in time i' •ma.ble the 
prception of the only." Hence it has declud 
'ADA 54-55. 
nere is diaerenee, in the absence 01 the difference 
of shape 
Stra knowldge txn of dintimination 
is emanciptive. omni-objætive, sempr-objective 
and 
"—Intaitional non—exprienti.l 
(dd. Il L 33) Omni*tie '—there is nothing tb.t is not 
prceptible to it. 
"—knowing everything in all forms and 
and •t all present •ad fatare. 
every thing in 
•t •me moment. 
Sach i. the kao.ldge born of discrimination, in it. 
form. The light of yoga is a hereof, long 
iC i. by resting on the stage. 
To who discriminative knowldgø to 
not there 
Sutra (55) on the equality of the purity of 
and Soul. 
Cm '—When Baddhic being washd clar of all 
taint of Foulness and Darka.s, and baring its sot,ivity ratrie 
td to the or the difference or goodnes and the •onl, 
the seed of troubles i' burnt up. and then the Buddhi becomes 
similar to the Soul in parity. The parity or the Sonl consists in 
the absence of im— exprience. Under sach circum. 
results Isolation to the prfect well aa to the im- 
one Who discriminative knowledge, and to one 
not. On attainment of one 
barat ap the of troable there is no for •nytbing. Per- 
Sections tnrn of u well u widom, ere 
in the uid Sattwic parity. As matter of fact bwever widon 
dispels the want of Freeption or ignorance, on the sappræ 
sioa *bereof the resultant trouble case to come forth ; .nd 
the abence of the troable. leads to abenee of karmic 
fraition. In this state, the attributes, having their 
function. fai.bei, do not present themselve .g.in the 
pal's in this lia the Soars Isolation. In this 
the Soul becomes isol•t.d, in the pure efalgencq 
of his ova pristine form. 
rADa z. 

.................................................................
seouon IV. 
or I.ourroy. 
Wra (1) :—The occult powers are praluced by birth, 
herbs incartation•, austerities, or Meditation. 
Con t—The Pover dae to birth is brought 'boat by 
teal change. By herb': g., the medicinal preparations 
the hone of the Asaras (i Påtåla By 
Sach •s the of ( 
of the sky. By 
uwmplishment of daire, e. g.. being apable of attaining to 
any desirable form, the yogi move here, there and 
everywhere, in with hi. animpeded 'ill. The 
Power. dae to Mditation have already been describd. 
Note s 1 ) the ot 
hi• archly Lite to •ach extent th•i be is directly 
gods, with • celestial body, and such 
the rat to hia 
( ) Ea. bea 
of the Indy and the enseorgans, developed into another 
S'tra ( 2 ) transformation into another kind 
( results ) from the transmutation of the material 
t—Tbe previous form having been disolved, the 
•tion of the following change is dae to re-arrangement of the 
The material of the body and the 
ease—organs, in helping their maliße•tions or effect', by 
•means of trausmntation. depend upon •uch 
virtue and tbe rest. 
Tran—station o' —t.erfal 
the •re tic ave end the "d t.h$ 
making up •ach c.•a••. It this braght 
by the put (virtuou 
•ad to the 
ach • bring • 
Wra (3) the material the instrument is 
; from it (proceeds) the piercing 
the covering—as in the of the hustuxdm•n. 
Co. .—Tbe instruments in the of virtae &c., no 
help to the of the material ; for 
not by the effect. HOW then From it 
piercing of AS the 
to irrigate, from fall supply of veter in 
field, another feld in the ame plane, or in lower 
not arry the water by means of hi. 
bat only cats through the band', on the opning of 
which the water or itself aovs through the adjoining aeld 
so in the utne manner, virtue pierces the covering of the 
material censes, in the shape of vice. on the removal 
Che materi.l of their own accord, supply their veioa. 
modifiation.. Or again, as the buslnndm.n in the 
ntne field is not capable of sapplylng either liquid or "lid 
ingredients to the root the r.ddy ; what he doe to 
remove from the Geld all breign •ad plant... the 
removal whereof the ingrelients or themelve• enter into 
in the •me manner, virtue is Oily the 
of the suppreuioa or vice—parity sod impurity disme- 
tric.lly oppeel to each other—and it is no in 
operation of the material cane. In this connection Nudisw.r. 
•ad others, should qaoc«i example. On the (Ah" 
bend vice also only tends to •oppress virtue; •od 
6110" the change into impurity—e.g. 
into an Aj.g•r• .erF:nt and tbe like. 
"ADA IV—SUTRA 4-6. 
137 
When the yogi creates (for himself) many Wies, then, 
have of these one and the same mind, or bas ach of these 
a mind ? Reply : 
Sutra ( 4 created organs procea from 
Self-consciousness alone. 
Com yogi prodnces the created internal organ with 
the help only of Self-couscionsness, the cause .f internal or- 
Consequently each has (separate) internal 
Sutra ( 5 the diverse tendency of the many, the 
imvlling internal organ is one. 
Com HOW should the action of internal Organs 
follow the tendency of the one internal organ ? thinking 
thus, the yogi ) tuake• one internal organ sach ss urges the 
others to action. fol lows the diversity of action. 
Cho having 
to Single provide thinking 
question to how Can many 
and t ho unity of 
not admitted. there would be so many independent 
following tho of his ; and the of 000 
individual acting Without any individuality Would 
doubt is by explanation thinking 
principles provided to tho in entirely COO. 
by thinking principle Which is CO 
Sutra ( G ) contemplation-born is with' 
out itupressions or residua. 
created internal organs are of five kinds, the 
beiu•g due to ) birth, ( 2) herbs, 
138 
t..tion., ( 4 ) •asterities and ( 5 ) maitation. of these. the 
iutero•l wbicb i • brought by contemplation, is 
Witboat is to say. it is free from ! 
attachment and the like; and for this reason it no 
nection with virtae sad vice ; tecsase the yogi had all 
hi. ended for other. ( the yogi J, there i. 
secamal.tioa of karmic impresion.. 
) " And for t" 
Sutra actions of the Are neither white 
nor black; Cho" of others are of kinds. 
Com class. of actions are the black, 
(2) the white-black. (3) the white.—and (4) the non-white— 
non-black. of these the black kiud Inlong. to the evil• 
minded. The white-blvk, is vrformable by external man. 
in connection With the of karmic 
is ane to the infliction of pain and doing of kindnæ to 
others ; white one belongs to given to penance, •tad' 
contemplation ; this kiud, being condn«l solely to ibe 
internal organ, cannot be perform«l by external end 
i. not dae to the indiction of pain on others. The 
Non-white-non-black belougs to the Sanyui., 
troublo •re an end and •ho are With the or 
highest b«iy only. Or these, to the Yogi belongs the non-white 
he has desire for fruition—. and the 
of non-acceptance. Ot Other 
are or the iortner three kinds. 
Not" • Vng to 
to lead. to pla.ure ending in p•in, the onering or •cri- 
'ADA IV—SUTRA 8-9. 
beyond the ot .ttribat—. 
for 
Sad 
aueh i' part 
•own •re 
Sutra is the manifestation of the im- 
pressions or residua which are suitable to its 
fruition. 
the threefold are 
zit.ble to it.fraition "—i.e , suitable to the r.rticul.r fruition 
of action. of Hticular kinds ; that i. to say, resida• 
help the fraitioa of the tbse •lone there i. the 
manifedation. For celestial or godly action, in its fano- 
tiOa. Can never lead to tbe of the infernal, the 
the human residua; on the 
feted or enlivened (thereby) i. only the residua coo- 
to celestial ex The same 
repecting the hellish, the and tbe hnrnan (actions). 
Sara (9) account of the uniformity of memory 
•ud imprtssions (reddua), there is sequence or 
uninterrupzbilicy of relation, even after breaks 
by class, Iwality and time. 
the fruition action lading 
feline birth, is enlivened or manifested by the 
l•rtieal.r manifesting cause .bieb leads to it. manifestation ; 
140 
YOGA. DA RSANA. 
and as sncb, if this though removed or inter- 
rupted either by hundreds of species or by great distance, 
or by baudreds of bappeus to become 
fested Only through its own special causes ; then 
it becomes vivid by taking hold of the residua brought 
about by tho previons experience of feiioe birth. ? 
Because. of these (residua), the only manifesting is 
an analogous action, even though they may be 
; and in this manner there an uuiuterrnptibility 
or continuity of relation (between the residua and its uua10goas 
manitestinguctiou). Why? Because " of the auiformity• 
memory tile impressions". (That is to the 
rieoces, so the impressions; and are exactly 
to residua; aud lastly the residua, so the 
memory (or Instiuct). Thus we see that memory or instinct 
is doe to impressions removed therefrom by class, lcnlity 
and time. This memory again produces impressions. Tbns 
these impressions due to memory are tuauifested by the force 
0t the attainment of the innction of Karmic 
even of the interrupted (actions irnition) the 
Seqneaee is established, on of the uninterruptibility 
of the Causal relation. 
to Cl.•e 
purport is a. by 
transitory is yet lasting and capable or bringing 'boa' 
time ; so the 
b' yet "Sting. 
(2) 01 
of 
(S) aphorism. Ot 
Cormor births •ro tbo cause ot manifestation or certain elect. bat 
is necessary the 
intervention or CWO 
interrupuon, that Ot 
objection is by saying 
the 
IV—SUTRA 
141 
Stra (10) —Iksides there is no beginning about them, 
benuse of the eternity of desire. 
Com these residua there is no beginning, of 
the eternity of desire. The selfish may I not cease 
to exist," may I with in every individual, can- 
not be snid to be natural (product, and as such not eternal). 
Why ? (Because), How else. would there the newly 
infant Who has not yet experienced death—any fear of 
death, which is due only to aversion and ? For certainly 
s natural object does not admit of a canse cause). 
The fact therefore that the internal organ chained to 
eternal residua, through certain canse•, gets hold of some of 
the residua, and then forward for the experience of the 
spirit. 
Other theorists have asserted that the internal Organ is 
expansive and contractible, like the jar-and-mansion lamp ; 
and as it is of the same form thatof the body ; and 
thus would be exploined its existence in this as also 
its rebirth. The Musters ever down that, is 
Sive and contractible is only the function of the internal Organ, 
which of itself is omnipresent. This (internal organ) again 
is dependent on causes such as virtue and the like. The 
cause again is of two kinds—external and ; the former 
is such as is to bodily means—e. g., hymn—singing, charity 
and reverence; the latter depending on the internal organ 
alones—e. faith and the like. As is "The 
times of the Yogi, friendship and the like, are nutnrully 
independent of external means. aud (as such) briug about the 
highest virtue these two canses, the mental is 
stronger. Why ? Because, what Can wisdom and 
disrn•sion? who can render the Dandaka forest bare by 
action, without mental strength? and can drink 
up the ocean, like Agastya ? 
142 
do accept residua or p. in by death, 
tho previous births' —This obFctioa is levelld •gain•t the •thei•t• 
very thing i. 
anything et.ern.l. 
dependent any 
the •etioa wb•o ot happn,• to •rråvo st the time 
(4) " GO " —i. s•eh raidu• 
I lght 
bo "id bo ot •i" the 
i. op— the 
nind, laid dowa by Kaa.d. hi. The view tbø 
but it is rut, or 
in hence of it 
mind 
two 
by the for 
; to the mind 
(l held together by 
sul*tratum and support , the absence of these would 
their absence. 
Con Cane "—From virtue resnlt. pleasure, 
from vice Iniu ; frotn pleasure proceeds attachment "d from 
Init. •version thence follows endeavour ; aud the agent act- 
ing throagb this eudeavoar, by tnind, words and tend. 
to favonr one iadivida.l aud hart the ocher; tbeuce 61107 
raDA Il. 
and Vie, pain attachment ad a 
143 
—this 0Fration constitute. the y_beiof metempsychosis ; 
of this ever-turning wheel. the guiding force is Ignorance; 
of all troubles. Such is the cause. 
is on is based the existence 
virtue and the rest ; (for) there is no production of tb.t 
which never before existed. The mind, eqnipped with it. 
Win, i' the of the ; 
the of mind have destroyed. 
reidatn cannot eoatinne to exist, for want of a substratum. 
That With View to which an object enlivens a particular 
is the of s 
Thus, all residaa, being held together by these—cense, 
effect, sabstratntn and support—, when these latter cease to 
exist. there follow. the absence ot the residua 
tbetn. 
the 
purport Ot is 
support. has 
Which 
: HOW permanent 
With Or Can 
co the t ho 
even daring the ot the erect. " ot Cho 
wo the of entity 
— All a to tho cau•o 
o' Which 
Ana Ot of 
the 
(objection) TEere is no pr«luction for a non-entity ; nor 
there any destructiou of an entity ; nnder the circumstances. 
the residua, beiug entities, be uudouc ? 
144 
Sutra and Future exist in real nature, in 
conselnence of the difference in the of 
the proE*rties. 
which ia to be i' the and that which 
has been is the and that which i' 
function is the present. These three are cognisable by ( Y 
cognition. If these not exist in reality, then there 
wonld be no cognition, without an object. Therefore the 
and the future do exist in reality. And farther, if agency 
bringing about the effects of actions— partaking either of 
enjoyment or of Isolation—were a nonentity, then 
Vour of experts with a view by mans of—that 
(agency) would be inexplicable. The cause is only 
of exhibiting to the present time the already existing effuse 
(lying latent). and not ot bringing fortu an altogether new 
entity. A perfectly established cause only help. the effect 
in a particular way, but does not pr«lnce any thing new. 
An object is always endowed with a number of properties • 
and such properties exist iu accordance with different «»ndi- 
And though the present, being related toe certain 
individnal, exists yet the same cannot be said With 
regard to the pa'! and HOW then ? The 
exists in its (that which to be mauifest«i) 
as the pot exists in the that åaa been. The 
/e.totion of form is only possible for the conditiona of the 
present ; and it is not possible for those of the past or of the 
f'ture. And during the existence of oar condition, it i. quite 
compatible that the other two conditions should exist in clcne 
relationship with the (same). object ; hence the existence of 
three conditions is not preaed by their non-existene. 
PADA 13-14. 
Sutra (13) .—They •re (m.AnifeSted) or 
subüle And «msist in attribute. 
'for—id properties, having the thre 
tioas, consist in the e, in the pre*ut— 
in the the past .nd future, tb.e latter fortn- 
ing the six vn—apecific elements. All these however are 
particular formations of the Attributes, sud beuce. in 
rality, •re of the n.tare of Attributa As SAYS the 
•atboriative injanction : bighet of the Attribates 
dæs not come within the range of vision ; come 
within visual range is 'Itogether insignificant, like (Maya)." 
this 
bat . in or 
Sakhy• b' the in Tattn— 
If .11 on the Attribute, how do you explain 
(the singalsr a., sach u) "one "Rd," ••oae sene"? Reply 
Sura (14) unity of (results) the 
of a thing. 
Com the ot activity 
end inertness—ad of the nature of the of perception 
is One tbongb the form of 
constituting the seuse-orgaiu and of (tbe 
being of the nature of the of perception 
'bere is another tnuitüe.tiou through the of sound, 
146 
bling ach Other ia form, there is one the 
•tom, for its cornpnent• the raditnentary element' ; 
and of thæ (sound E ) again. there is another 
the cow, the tree, the mountain and the like; 
similarly among the Other elemeuta, there Can be single 
common maiiåc.tion, on their respective propertia, 
viscidity. heat, eluticity (pranamitva) and 
There is no Which i• 00t by •n ; 
on the Other hand, we have ideas not by 
object such as (Ecuring in a dream "—The Nihilist. 
in this manner set aside the reality of the form ot the 
usertiug. as they do, that • the object is only the cratioa of 
an idea. like object. of a dream. and it do. not in 
reality' —how can these be believed 'bo end 
abandon the reality of the object. on the strength of 
untruthful knowledge of viknlpa,...the object which by 
means of its inherent itself him in 
its real fortn ? 
Wherefore is this improFr—? Reply: 
Sutra (15) the sameles the 
object, the of the two are distinct, front 
diversity of the internal organ. 
Con single object, occupying many internal org.n., 
is (aid to be) • common' and this (object) is not dtn to 
agency of a single internal organ (or mind). nor to tb.C 
many minds ; it exists by itself. How ? Beaase of 
diversity of minds, notwithstanding the of the 
object. That to say, even on the nrneness of the tb• 
mind the idea of pleasure, through virtue, and •Iso the Ida 
PADA IV—BETRA 15. 
147 
or pin from the same objæt, through vie ; from the same 
the idea of delusion, through ignorance ; and lastly from that 
very object, the idea of indifference throagh right vision. 
Under such to mind an an 
owe its existence ? Certainly it is not likely that the object 
cratel by one mind should aTæt another mind. 
qnently of the obyect and the idea (or 
from each other on their repective characters 
of the cognissble and the cogaiser.—the coarse is distinct ; 
and there i. not the slightet tinge of any enfaeion among 
Aæording to the Sankhya view •gain, the Objet is 
With the three AttriEntes ; and the function of the Attribute 
is mobile ; hence the Objæt is to the minds through 
the instrumentality of virtue and the rest. and through its 
different forms, the cause of the different cognitions, 
appearing in with the aforesaid instraments. 
Notes : (I) A simple obÉet give to diterat In diterat 
the in 
(Vide 7 and Bhoj•'s commentary.—•• be 
holding is felt b' •n 
pin by hec rival, and disgust by •n "*tie. 
if it the 
Would the 
Some have : "The is 
with cognition, Emause it is cognisable, like plasure and the 
like people by this mans the commonality 
(of Objet and cognition, mentioad and thus 
the object by of its character. at all times, rast well 
( To these subjective Idali.t. it is replid)— 
148 
YOGA DA RSA". 
Sutra (16) •.—Nor is the object de—ent upon n single 
mind what it when not 
cogniæd by that 
Con the object dependa upon single mind. then, 
if that mind were either confounded or suppressed, theu 
form of the object would not be apprebendd thereby ; 
nor would it amenable to any other mind 
@eing dependent upon the former alone) ; and such it 
would become oocognised (apramåpaka) ; i.e„ its character 
not be comprehendei by any one ; under circnm• 
stances, what would the object be ? Then again,being 
With the mind, •hence would it be ? TbO" 
of the object which were not present (before the 
mind) would cease to be ; similarly the of 
the back (of a certain animal) woald lead to the 
of the stomach as well. For these rasons, the object must be 
independent, common to all perceiving agents. Minds too are 
independent and act diaerently With regard to each person: 
From the connection of these two ( object and mind ) 
cognition (or perception), which constitute the experience oc 
the Freon. 
Note (t) This aphorism, •eh is lett out by BhoJs i. 
; then the object. being 
to or cognition by •bich it 
with any 
net b' the •pbori•m by propounding t,ho t» 
Chen i. this 
mind, or i. 
the or •ingle mind, tbøn that particular 
e of the ; 
would not p•sible for •ny other to notice it; 
"DA 17-19. 
149 
Sutra (17) : —A thing is known or unknown, conse- 
of the nwessity of the mind teing tinged by it. 
Cm object, of the nature of a magnet, connect' 
with itself and tinges the mind, which is of the nature of 
iron. The object Whereby the mind is tinged, is ; 
besides this are ? Thus 00 
of the object being and unknown, is 
Note 1 ) o' the nature of a the 
i. devoid of bat 
iC own Cora. 
not the Ot the known Or 
Would inexplicable. This fact —eve. to di.tlngui.b mina 
•pirit known. 
Be to whom sach a mind itself is an object, to sach a one— 
Sutra functions of the mind are always 
known, fur its preiding spirit is 
• Cont—lf like the mind, the spirit •Iso were liable to 
mutation' then its objects •1.0, in the Shape of the 
functions or the mind, be known and unknown, like nond 
and other objects. Bat the constant consciousness and 
perceptibility of the tnind lads to the inference of the 
immutable ( or constant ) character of its presiding spirit. 
The following question may arise—The mind it*lf may be 
illuminative of itself as well of the objects, like fire ; 
against this it is declared— 
. It is not *If-illuminative, since it 
Sutra ( 19 ) — 
Frceptible. 
150 
the Other well and Other objects, 
being preeptible. •re not self—illuminative, 
mind be to Nor an fire be an here; 
cause the fire doe not illutuiuate its non-illamin.t.ei form. 
illumination is to follow connection or the 
illamin.t-a end the illuminator ; bat sach connection i. not 
possible with regard to one's own form. And again, the 
sertion that the mind is self—illuminating literally mans 
that it is not cognisable by any g.. Space ( Åkasa) 
existing in it osn nature, can never exist in other objæt. 
Bat the actions of all living E*ing. are seen to follow from the 
conscion.ness of the wctivitie. of their mind—e. I •m 
angry, I am afraid. in this is my attachment, and to 
this my aversion, "—sach consciousnes would not be 
ble. if the mind were not 
; being 
• ; bat 
diternt obj«t. single 
tho ot ( b' the spirit 
&tra (20) ( ) cannot cognised 
the time. 
one .nd the same time. it i. not to 
one's own fortn as •ell as tbst of others. The Nihilist' bold 
that the action, and eau" (origin, action ad inatr—nt) 
are •Il identical. 
BOW ot the •phori•a that 
two •Ct.' Ot .nd self-knowing •C 
e.— intelligence. 
21. 
It m.y held that the mind suppresd by it* own nature 
by soother mind, following clc.e upon it. 
(Reply) 
(21) t—af) cognition by mind (be 
l•ted would be an infinity of cognitions 
alw an amizture (or of 
: If the mind were perceived by another mind, then 
the of that c@tion be perceiv«l ? If 
another cognition, and this last by fourth and so on. 
•oald be on ad 
also •rise confusion of memory ; for, so many 
thre are perceptions of cognitions to «gnitions. many 
would be the ( corresponding ) memories. And from this ad- 
mixture would re.alt the non-ucert.inment (i.e„ uncertainty) 
one memory. Thos (we find tb.t) the Nihilist. bive 
everything. by denying spirit the (one ) cogni- 
of (.11) cognitions. These Nihilist. again assuming cogni- 
•t random. to logical. Some of them '"n me 
mere entity. and hold that there is a certain entity *hich di• 
the present five or • and takes to Other 
; and having this mach, they of 
the •me ( entity ) : Tbns the of the dispassion of 
the form of great disgust for the "andåaa, and for that of the 
non-pralaction or suppression thermf, I will lead the continent 
life under a ' '—having nid this, they •gain turn 
to the very existence of the entity. The Sankbya, 
Yoga and the Other systems declare that word 
denote the lord of the mind, the spirit, the cogniser. 
: ) " Suppre—ed by 
destructibility. 
to memory •Il its •uond•ne would •rise to inanity ; 
ot cognition. weald be unbroken of 
152 
then to ; and Ot 
hold with it 
i. the pgt..icub.r h" 
Spirit. of • • 
Hero Vilaaaa Bhiksbu : " Nihilists by doing 
illogical , they 
spirit), •ad the other 'bey "d 
batitude 
(22) spirit the 
consciousna of its own cognition, when it takes 
form. 
Com sentient faculty, unmulifyiog and unchanging. 
t*ing reflected in the modifiable (the mind), falls in with ita 
functions; and the function or the cognition (or understand- 
ing) is said to be identical with that of the iutera.l organ 
(mind), oa accounts of its ( the reflected senüeut ) 
merely imitating the function of the mind which h" .ttaind 
the form of the suFrirnp«nition of the sentient As 
is declared : Seither the nether world, nor mountain 
nor darkness, nor the crevice. of the of 
is the cave vbere the eternal Brahma is concealed; win 
call it the function of the mind. pure and simplb" 
•phori•n is Ot • double 
Tbo taken to : (I) " Wha the wal • • 
(i. ) when 'be soul taka form (Ot the mental (2) 
of the 
and 
•c«pt• this interpretation which is b' Dr. 
Bat • litti• «•uider•tion Will •bow th•C the •«sond i. 
the 
i" Died, it reae-c&g object 
the the which unchanging • • 
for. Other 
Chi. 
tb mind re•ectång the the 
and to 
intelligene• C—nticnt f•eult') and the function the 
for d— 
It i. Gr this reson that it is held (that)— 
&tra (23) —The mind tinged by the Seer the 
is (able to perceive) all obÉcts. 
Con mind i. ting«l by she cognisable object, "d 
itself wa object, is conjoined by the 
"al to it. functions; thns dc. the mind become •ting«i by 
i. by the object and the 
fallen in the of sentient and 
the appearing non-objective tboagh rally 
"Otient though rally 
the said (to be able to perceive) .1101*t8. 
this rason that aw•y by 
this similarity or the mind. bave declared it •100' 
•entient- again hold all this 
Other objæt, cow or pt together "iCb its cause 
"t exi't. All these deserve be pitid. Why? 
Because for their mistake, there is a gronad in the 'hap. 
20 
154 
of the mind enlivend by every kind of form. Con'"aently 
ia meditative coneicuenes the ccgni.d Ining a re. 
awtion, is distinct from it (the wind), becaaseqf its (the 
mind) being it. sabtr.tnm. If this object •ere only the 
then hov would the form of mncioa.nes tnuærtaind 
b' con.cioa.ne.. itself? For these rasons. it is the 
by •hotn i. determined or ucertainel, in consciousness, the 
Thus then tho.e 'Ione are tbe right thinker. 
•bo differentiate the cogni.er, the cognition and tbe 
their the differentiation) 
on tho differeucc in the mind by ach them 
ever•lly. 
no i. its 
Sutra (24) by 
iC exisu fur is 
tbcngh nriq.ta by 
exist' for to 
ova it OFr•t• 
h«øe. Tbemiud. orer•tiag i' by an 
i'. wisdom the t— 
This — 
everything 
25. 
sach be band to be OFr.Ling by 
existing ßr the "ke of something The 
the "al, just spkea of do. not 
by —istion. 
xvn. 
Sura (25) the knower of the difference, (there 
is) æesation of all of the nature of self. 
Cm .—A. in the rainy saøn, from the "mating forth of 
gru i. inferred the existence of the so in the —me 
When we and • e.rtain horripil.ting and 
•bdding tears of inward pla.are, we infer the existence of 
in the shape of "me peculiar deed, Inrtaking or 
n.tare of Bliss, done in the (and now baring its 
frui4 For each one the natural hankering after the 
n.tare of self i. (contintnlly) Feting. The aben• 
of •ach leads to Whet is tha. 
ing renoane«i his own n..•tare, b' r,æon of "me defici- 
eocy, there arise a liking ror the sceptic view and 
aversion to the standard dcxtrine; daring this state i. ban• 
kering aner the nature of self, in this form : Who was I ? 
Hov l? What is this? How is this ? Who •hall I be? 
Hov shall I be? This hankering for who 
discrimination. Why ? Bea-ae this is s mcxlific.tioa 
of the mind; the sonl however, in the Bbs-ene of Ignorance, is 
pare, nntainted by the praF.rtie.. of the mind. Therefore, for 
an expert the hankering after the nature of self cues. 
: no Fault 
(26) mind is turned 
and is bowed down by Isol.ti«i. 
Com mind, tb.t bowed down by 
toward. ignorance, now Excomes 
down by inl.t.ioa and bent toward. dierimin•tive knovldp. 
(27) In the intervals 
due 
the being bent 
the discrimintioa of itself, flowing in the current or Lb. 
erimin.tioa or matter and spirit, there are other 
exist," •i This is mine, know I do not 
know." She 'ed., the 
(28) : —The detrucfon of 
in the of the 
the distrution•, on the or 
•proa' cease to capble of sproating ap in 
m.nner, ßregone impression having it• 
157 
bg fealty bant ap by the fire of wisdom, to give 
birth to (or cognition). Tbe impressions dae to 
vi.dom however depend apn the de.troctioa or the 
capeity or the mind ; and therefore then not coa— 
.idered here. 
dær•ed the 
(29) : —To the in even 
or exclusive 
discriminative wisdom leading to the 
the ' 'Cloud of 
Con .—Wben such a Br'hrnap. interest in illomi- 
nation even—i. •bo desire. nothing even from that, and 
indifferent to its—to exclusive 
tive ; thus the 0t being 
tr-$, no cognition. are produced; and tht» 
m«litation the ••Cload of Virtue." 
tb this 
without or daire, b. re"be• the 
the light of break. 
Satra (SO) the of 
Com.—Oa the attainment thereof, the distractions, Ig• 
nor.oce end the rest, ere destroyd from their very r«nt•, 
the and action. al" pat stop to; and on 
the e—stioa of distractions and actions, the wise 
liber.td, •bile living. Wherefore ? Beaa.e tni.• 
is the sole of worldlinas. For certainly no 
one ever the birth ot ooe 
tion bas removed. 
the 
tree trom 
•i On the Ot the Chad tb•rø 
in the ot h. 
Sutra (31) in of the in6aiten— 
of the knowledge free from all coverings and im- 
puritie, the knowable bworne small. 
Com.—The infinity ot results from being 
free from the Obcnr.tion. of ution .nd distr.ction. 
of knowldge, sappr—sed under the "bearing T•mu, 
i. only and opr•tive by 
(Raja') and then beomes carnble of cognising. Unde 'be 
circumstances, 'hen it t*cotne. clar of all impritie and 
obecar.tioos, tbea realts its inanitea•s. And from 'be 
PADA IV—SUTRA 3'. 
159 
infiniteneø of knowl«lge,_ the knowable small—like 
the firefly in the sky. In this it i' declard : Tbø 
blind man pieræl the gems, the angerl.. one join«l them 
together. the one wore it, and the tonguel— one 
pr.is«i it." 
: this it 
: It of 
Ot the Ot 
bat h' 
cloud The reply i' given by the ( The 
the that) 
thea the piercing ot gems by the blind •Dd the 0th" 
or who tb•t saeh •a i. 
•bov• is gn•t im—ibility 
Stra (32) foll',ws the termination of 
the of the of ibe Attri- 
which have their end. 
the of the Cloud of Virtue, end 
the succeeive mcdißc.tion. of the Attributes whose ends 
have i*en fulfilled. Because (Attributes), that have falfilld 
eXFrience and and •acc—iou ended, 
dare not tarry • moment longer. 
Note •phorl•m th•t, 
•till Very 
p birth. 
e reply i. Attri. 
(the and 
particuar nul.—-ct 
What i. Y (Reply : ) 
(33) is the of the 
moment perceptible at the end of the modification. 
Com saccasioa, consisting ia the intervsl. of 
vceivdby the end ot For tbø 
oldne. of a new pie. 0t cloth, st it. end (destractiou). doe 
not follow without the consciousness of the moment 
(of it. duration). This succession i. seen to exist even with 
regard to eternal object.. The eternality i. twcÆold—thø 
unchanging eternality, and the tnmlifying eternality. of the" 
•the uuchanging eternality to tbeS»ul sod tbe modify- 
ing eternality to the Attribute. That object is eternal she 
whereof do not destroy its And 
the form. of Soul and the Attribute are 
both of eternal. With to the • 
daces of the Attributes—Buddhi end the re.t—-tbe .aeeuion. 
St the end of has end 
vrceptible; *herea. it ha. not it. end perceptible in the cue 
or Ibe eternal object', ; the Attribat. themselves with rq•.rd 
the anch.oging eternal. the existing their 
own brm, the existence of the form is perceived in .a"s.ion; 
and here tw. the gnccesion, having ita end non-perceptible, 
i. usumed through the of .uamption 
being up oa word." 
Qnestioo of this Universe, existing in the Attribnte by 
eri!tence and is there •n end to the or 
not Reply is Why 
tioaadmittiogof.a reply i. • Will .11 i. 
born. die ? (The reply "Oh ! Yes." On the '*her band, 
there i. another qaestion (not Ldmitting of abolate reply) 
will every object that dies born? The answer 
to thie qa.tioa must qa.li6ed one viz., One 
"h'* desire. Lave been detroyed wad who bu attained dis- 
PADA 84. 
crimination, will not be born ; others sneh one, will 
sorely born. Similarly on being asked •Is the hnman 
the highest or not the reply mast be given in a 
qualified form : The baman species is higher than the Other 
animal', whereas it is not so in comparison with the 
Gods and the Rishis. The qnestion Has the universe au 
end or not ? " is unanswerable directly; because (the reply 
; ) •for the wise one (above mentioned). there is an end 
the eon tin aauee of the for any other.' For 
this reason, if the reply were based on any One the tv', i. e.. 
if the reply were given directly—yes or no—without 
Eon, there would be a mistake. Hence the aforesaid question 
mast be broken ap (before Ining answered.) 
The in 
to man the following Ot momont after another. The 
to the Ot by 
moment attor •nother, though there is break 
totality is into parta only tor Ot reckeu- 
It has been declared that Isolation follows •t the end or 
the succession of the capacity of the Attributes. This Isola- 
tion is now described : 
Sutra (34) •—The repression of the Attributes, devoid 
of the soul's purpse, is the Isolation; or it is the 
sentient faculty abiding in itself. 
Con repression (or inverse resolation) of the Attri• 
bates of the nature of and effect, that have fulfilled 
experience and isolation, and are (hence) unable to serve any 
farther of the soul, is I.olation. The sentient faculty 
ot the soul abiding in itself, i.e., disconnected from the 
attribntes of Baddhi, is pure; aud (sach a sentient faculty) 
continuing for ever in that condition, constitutes Isolation. 
.................................................................
