patanjali_data["vyasagj"] = [[
"1. May the resplendent lord of Serpents, the  many-hooded One, protect us, -- He administering Yoga, while himself equipped with it, having a body of pure white, delighting in serpentine body, the fountain-head of all wisdom, whose troubles are at an end, holding, as he does, terrific poison, -- One who having renounced his original body, is born in this world for the manifold benefits of human-kind.  <p> Sutra 1: Now (begins) the exposition of Yoga.  <p> Atha denotes Adhikara i. e. the commencement of a topic. (The meaning of the Sutra being:) The Science of the instruction of Yoga is to be understood to have begun (here).  <p> Yoga is Samadhi, Meditation; but (this meditation) is a property of the internal organ, common to all its various stages. The Stages or States of the internal organ are: (l) The Fickle (Kshipta), (2) The Infatuated (Yugdha), (3) Voluptuous or Distracted (Vikshipta) (4) The One-Pointed (Ekagra), and (5) The Controlled (Niruddha). From among these, the meditation in the Voluptuous or Distracted state of the internal organ, being subordinate to the voluptuousness or distraction, has no place on the side of Yoga (proper). That (meditation) however which belongs to the one-pointed internal organ, enlightening the true and agreeable object, destroying the troubles, loosening bonds of action, and bringing one face to face with Control proper--such meditation is the Conscious (Samprajnata) Yoga. This is attended by Argumentation, Deliberation, Joy and Egoism.  The entire subjugation of all the functions (of the internal organ) constitutes what is called Unconscious or Abstract (Asamprajnata) Yoga. ",
"2. In order to define the Yoga above mentioned we see the next aphorism--<p>Sutra 2: Yoga is the suppression of the functions of the internal organ. <p> Since the word all does not appear before functions, Conscious or Concrete meditation also becomes included in the name yoga.  The internal organ is made up of three attributes,-- in as much as it has the characters of truth, activity and inertia.  Sattwa in the form of the internal organ. when intermixed with Rajas and Tamas comes to be attached to power the objects (of sense). Sattwa again, when mixed up with Tamas, tends towards sin, ignorance, non-dispassion (or attachment) and non-power (or weakness). The same Sattwa lastly everywhere shining, on having its covering of illusion removed, when tinged by Rajas, tends towards virtue. knowledge, dispassion and power. The same Sattwa however, when passed beyond the taint of Rajas, fixed in its own form, consisting purely of discriminative knowledge of Matter and Spirit, tends towards contemplation, called Cloud of Virtue. This is what is called Supreme Contemplation by the Dhyanis.  The Sentient Faculty (or Intelligence proper), the Unchanging and the Immobile--having the objects presented to Itself, is pure and endless; and It consists in the attribute of Sattwa. For this reason discriminative knowledge is contrary to this (since such is modifiable, mobile, non-intelligent, finite and impure). <p> For this reason, the internal organ--having become indifferent to the sentient faculty, (naturally) suppresses the discriminative knowledge; When in this condition, it centres itself in mere residuum (Sanskara). This is Seedless Meditation-- and because nothing else is cognised in this state, therefore it is called Unconscious or Abstract (asamprajnata). <p> Thus is Yoga -- of the form of the suppression of the functions of the internal organ -- two-fold. ",
"3. The internal organ being in that condition -- and as such there being a complete absence of objects,--what is the character of the Purusha--being as it is of the nature of the cognition of Buddhi (the internal organ)? <p> Sutra 3: Then there is an abiding of the spectator in its own form.  <p> The abiding in its own form is then, as in beatitude (identical with) the sentient faculty. In the (ordinary) waking state the sentient faculty though being the same, is not (exactly) the same.  ",
"4. How then? On account of the objects having been presented,-- <p>Sutra 4: At other times, conformity to the functions.  <p> In the waking state the functions of the Purusha are, identical with those of the internal organ. Hence the Sutra: Perception is one, and cognition or knowledge Perception. <p> The internal organ, like the affecting by mere proximity, being the object of perception, becomes the self of the Purusha, the Lord. Therefore the cause of the Purusha's perception of the functions of the internal organ is its eternal connection therewith. ",
"5. The internal organ being manifold, the objects of suppression, <p> Sutra 5: the functions, are fivefold, painful (and) non-painful.  <p> The painful are cause of pain--the fruitful ground for the aggregate of the karmic residua. And the non-painful have knowledge for their object, and are opposed to the action of the Attributes. The non-painful ones falling in the current of the painful ones, though (occurring within two painful ones, are still non-painful; similarly are the painful ones, occurring among non-painful ones, called painful.  <p> Residua of one kind are brought about by the functions of the same kind, and also the functions by the residua--this wheel of function and residua is incessantly revolving.  <p> Thus the internal organ, having attained to this condition, and its action having ended, stands equal to the Spirit, or is dissolved.",
"6. These functions being painful, and non-painful are five-fold: <p> Sutra 6: Right Notion, Misconception, Fancy, Sleep and Memory.",
"7. Among these (i.e. the five-fold functions of the internal organ just named) -- <p>Sutra 7: Perception, Inference, Testimony are the right Notions. <p> The internal organ being affected by the external object through the path-way the sense-organs, there arises a functioning thereof, having the aforesaid external thing for its object, and having as its principal concern the ascertainment of a certain specific aspect of the object, which naturally partakes of the generic as well as of the specific. Such a function constitutes the Right Notion, called Perception. The effect of this Right Notion is the cognition of the function of the internal organ--the cognition belonging to the Spirit, and being co-ordinate or identical (with the Buddhi). The Spirit is the joint-cogniser With the internal organ. This we explain later on.  <p> Of the object of inference there is a certain relationship which is to all homogenous objects, and dissociated from the heterogeneous ones; the function, having this relation for its object, concerned chiefly with the ascertainment of the generic (character of things), is Inference. As for example-- The planets have motion, because they approach different regions, like Chaitra;--the Vindhya Mountain having no such approach, has no motion. <p> A certain object, having been either perceived or inferred by an authoritative person, is verbally expressed for the sake of transferring that cognition to another person. The function having, through words, such a thing for its object, is Testimony for the listener. That Testimony fails which is on the assertion of an untrustworthy speaker, who has neither seen nor inferred an object truly. If however, the original speaker has seen and inferred an object truly, then the testimony becomes infallible. ",
"8. Sutra 8: Misconception is false notion, abiding in a form, which is that (of the object). <p> This is not right notion; because, it is always set aside by right notion, which has for its object something really existing in the external world. It has been always seen that a right notion always sets aside a wrong one; e.g. the perception of the double moon is set aside by the subsequentive of the single moon. <p> It is this that constitutes the five-fold Illusion or Nescience :- (1) Ignorance, (2) Egotism, (3) Attachment, (4) Envy, and (5) Tenacity of life--the five Troubles. These five have also the respective names of: (1) Tamas (Darkness), (2) Moha (Illusion) (3) Mohamoha (Great Illusion), (4) (Timisra) and (5) Andhatamisra (Blinding darkness). This will be defined in the impurities of the internal organ. ",
"9. Sutra 9: Fancy is (a notion) founded on knowledge conveyed by words, but of which there is no object (corresponding in reality). <p> This cannot included either within Right Notion, or within Misconception. Because though it has got no object corresponding in reality, yet its acceptance in usage is seen to be based on the power of the knowledge of words. As for example, the assertion--Intelligence is the form of the Spirit. If the Spirit is nothing more than intelligence, then what would be named and qualified by what? It is only when there is such nomination or qualification that we have the function.--e.g. Chaitra's cow. Similarly--The Spirit, having all objective properties alienated from it, is devoid of action; and--Bana sits, will sit, and sat. With regard to absence of motion, however, only the meaning of the root is signified. Similarly again, Spirit has the property of non-production, --qualifying adjunct here implying merely the negation of production, and not any property belonging to the Spirit: and for this reason, (in the example given) the qualification is a fancied one, on the said usage is based.",
"10. Sutra 10: Sleep is the function having for its object the conception of negation. <p> And this is a particular kind of conception, because it is recalled in the waking state. How? In this manner: (l) have slept well; my happy mind brightens my intellect.  (2) I have slept ill; my mind wandering listlessly, has become worthless. (3) I have slept like of log of wood; my limbs are heavy; and my tired mind is lazy and seems to be absent.  This recalling by a person on waking would not have been, if there were no knowledge of any conception; the reminiscences connected with sleep could not have the conception for their object. Therefore Sleep is a particular conception; and this too, like all other conceptions, ought to be suppressed during meditation. ",
"11. Sutra 11: Memory is the non-relinquishment of an object that has been cognised. <p> Does the internal organ remember the cognition, or the object? The cognition,--coloured by the cognised (object), and (as such) manifesting (or illuminating) the forms of both the cognised (object) and the cognition,-- produces an impression, (samskara) of the same character. And this impression, being of the same form as its cause, brings about a recollection of the same character, partaking of both the cognised and the cognition. <p> Of these, the cognition has got the form of the cognition for its principal factor; and Memory or Recollection has got the form of the cognised for its precedent. <p> This Memory is two-fold -- (1) One whose object to be remembered is assumed, and (2) the other whose object is not assumed. During a dream we have the former, whereas in the waking state, we have the latter. <p> All kinds of Memory owe their existence to the prior experience of Right Notion, Misconception, Fancy, Sleep and Memory. <p> All these functions are constituted by pleasure, pain and illusion. These three will be explained under Klesa.  Attachment belongs to pleasure and envy to pain; while illusion is ignorance. All these functions are to be suppressed --their suppression leading to one of the two sorts of Meditation. ",
"12. What is the means for the suppression of these? <p> Sutra 12: By Exercise and Dispassion, (follows) their suppression. <p> The river of the internal flows both ways.  It flows for good, and it flows for evil. That which has its mouth at Isolation, and its bottom in Discrimination, flows for good. Where-as the one having its mouth at Rebirth and its bottom in Non-discrimination, flows for evil.  Among these, the flow of (worldly) objects is thinned by Dispassion; and the flow of discrimination is opened by the Exercise of discriminative vision. Thus we see that the suppression of the functions of the internal organ is dependent upon both of these. <p>",
"13.  Sutra 13: Exercise is the effort towards quietness.<p> Quietness (Sthiti) is the calm flow of the internal organ clear of its functionings. And Exercise consists in an effort for this i.e. an undaunted courageous and spirited endeavour, consisting in acting upto the means of attaining the aforesaid calmness.",
"14. Sutra 14: But it is of firm ground when attended to for a long time unremittingly and with proper devotion. <p> Being attended to for a long time, and unremittingly --and brought about by penance, celibacy, knowledge and faith, and as such endowed with proper devotion-it becomes steadfast; that is to say, its object is not then easily suppressed by the impressions of the agitative stage. ",
"15. Sutra 15: Dispassion is the (Vashikarasanjna) Consciousness of being the subjugator, belonging to one who is devoid of any thirst for perceptible and scriptural objects. <p> One becomes devoid of any desire for the temporal perceptible objects--women, drink and wealth,--and for the scriptural objects, attainment of heaven, disembodiment, dissolution in Nature,--then his internal organ, noticing the objective discrepancies even in the relation of celestial and terrestrial objects, attains to the name of Vashikarasanjna which, on the strength of the recognition of discrepancies, is of the nature of anaabhoga, i.e., free from faults of attachment.  (And this Vashikarasanjna or consciousness of being the subjugator, is Dispassion.) ",
"16. Sutra 16: Indifference to the attributes, being conducive to the knowledge of the Spirit, is the highest ( form of it).<p> (1) The agent who recognises discrepancies in temporal and spiritual objects, and hence becomes dispassionate, and (2) one whose internal organ has been calmed by supreme discrimination due to the purity of spiritual exercise, and who has hence detached from the attributes constituting the manifested and the unmanifested forms of matter;--these two indicate the two kinds of Dispassion.  Of these, the latter is the sole effulgence of wisdom, on the appearance of which, the agent equipped with knowledge, reflects thus : I have attained to what I had to attain,-- the objects to be destroyed, the troubles, have been destroyed,--cut off is the thickly interwoven chain of metempsychosis, whose unbroken range causes the death of the born and the birth of the dead. <p> Dispassion is the highest stage of knowledge; and the necessary concomitant of this alone, is Isolation.",
"17.  When the agent has suppressed his internal organ through the two means (just described), how can the meditation to said to be  Conscious?<p> Sutra 17: Conscious, because attended with the forms of argumentation, deliberation, joy, and egoism. <p>(1) Argumentation is the gross perception of the internal organ, with regard to its object; whereas (2) Deliberation is subtle in its nature. (3) Joy is delight. (4) Egoism is the partial cognition of identity. <p> Of these, the first followed by the other four constitutes the Argumentative Meditation ; the second, devoid of Argumentation, the Deliberative; the third without Deliberation the Joyful. The fourth without this, is purely Egoistic. All these forms of meditation are concrete. ",
"18. Now, what is the nature of Unconscious or Abstract meditation and what are the means to it? <p>Sutra 18:  The other, preceded by the practice of the cause of suspension, is that in which the residua alone remain behind. <p> When all the functions have been suspended and the residua alone remain behind, then we have a suppression of the internal organ, which constitutes (a form of) meditation, called the Unconscious or Abstract. <p> Of this the means is the highest form of Dispassion (see above). And, because an exercise based on an object would not be capable or being fit for its accompaniment, therefore the objectless (or immaterial) cause of suspension is made the basis here: and this cause is devoid of any material object. (Consequently) the internal organ, preceded by the practice thereof, becomes immaterial, as if non-existing. This Immaterial or seedless meditation is what is called the Unconscious or the Abstract. ",
"19. This ( meditation ) is of two kinds-- The Bhavapratyaya (caused by the world) and the Upaayapratyaya (caused by the means). Of these the latter belongs to the Yogis. <p> Sutra 19: The world-caused belongs to the Disembodied and to the Resolved-into-Nature.<p> To the Disembodied--i.e. the celestial beings-- belongs the World-caused (Bhavapratyaya). These (beings),-- experiencing isolation as it were, by means of their internal organs aided by their residua alone,--carry over the residual fructifications which are cognate therewith.  Similarly the Resolved-into-Nature experience isolation as it were, on the dissolution into Nature of the internal organ in its full activity; (and this experience continues only) so long as the internal organ, by its inherent authority does not return (to its work).",
"20. Sutra 20: Of others, preceded by faith, energy, memory, meditation and discrimination. <p> To the yogis belongs the Means-caused (Upaayapratyaya).  Faith, confidence of the mind like the loving mother, sustains the Yogi. Energy accrues to an agent endued with faith and desirous of discrimination; and on the energetic attends Memory; on this the mind rests peacefully in contemplation; and to one of calm mind comes Discrimination, by means of which he comes to recognise things in their true colours, By constant practice of this, and by means of Dispassion with regard thereto, is brought about Unconscious or Abstract Meditation. <p> The nine yogis are such as have their means mild, moderate and excessive. E.g. (1) One of mild means, (2) Of moderate means, and (3) Of excessive means; of these again the first is of three kinds: (l) The mildly-dispassionate, (2) the moderately-dispassionate and (3) the ardently-dispassionate.  There are similar divisions of the moderate means and the excessive means. ",
"21. From among these, for those of excessive means (is laid down) ...<p> Sutra 21: ... the ardently dispassionate, proximate <p> ...  is the accomplishment of meditation, as well as its end.  ",
"22. Sutra 22: A further distinction, on account of the mild, the moderate and the excessive. <p> There is a distinction farther than this, such as: (1) The mildly-ardent, (2) the moderately-ardent, and (3) the excessively-ardent. On account of this distinction, the accomplishment of meditation and its ends, is near to one of excessive means when mildly-ardently-dispassionate, nearer to him when moderately-ardently-dispassionate, and nearest to him when excessively-ardently-dispassionate.",
"23. Is the extreme proximity of meditation due to this (above mentioned) cause alone? or is there any Other means to its attainment? <p> Sutra 23: Or by devotion to God. <p> The Supreme God, being attracted by the devotion (of the yogi) favours him by mere prescience. And from this prescience also accrues to the agent, the accomplishment of meditation and its ends. ",
"24. Who is this God, distinct from Nature and Spirit?<p> Sutra 24: God is a distinct spirit, untouched by afflictions, actions, deserts and impressions. <p> Afflictions,--Ignorance and the rest. Actions, good and evil,--the effects of these are the Deserts,--and desires in accordance with these, are the Impressions; though these reside in the internal organ, yet they are attributed to the Spirit, who is the experiencer of their results; just as defeat or victory really belonging to the soldiers, is attributed to their leader. That Spirit, who is untouched by such experience, is God. <p> Though there are many master-adepts who have attained to such Isolation,--(yet) such have attained to Isolation after having cut off the three bondages; whereas the connection of God with these has neither been nor ever will be. We do not know of preceding bondage of God, as we do of the emancipated; nor is any future bondage possible for God, as it is for the Resolved-in-nature. He is ever Isolated and ever Supreme. <p> This eternal Supremacy of God, due to supreme goodness,--has it any proof, or it is incapable of proof?<p> Its proof lies in the Scripture.<p> What is the proof for this Scripture?<p> It lies in its supreme goodness. The connection between these two,--Scripture and its supreme character, resident as they are in God's Buddhi,--is eternal. From Scripture, it comes to this: that God is ever the Lord and ever emancipated.<p> And this supremacy of His is free from quality or excess, because it is never exceeded by any other supremacy; whatever should exceed it, would become that itself. Hence wherever there is the final stage of supremacy, that is God. <p> Nor is there any supremacy equal to it. Because when there are two things equally supreme (contending) with regard to a desired object, (one saying) may this be new and (the other contending) may this be old--then (in such a case) only one can be fulfilled, and as such there would result the resistance of the will of another, which would imply the lesser character of his supremacy. And further, to two equal persons cannot belong the simultaneous accomplishment of the desired object,--the objects being contradictory. Therefore He whose supremacy is free from equality and excess, is God; and He is a distinct Spirit. <p>",
"25. And further,...<p> Sutra 25: In Him is the highest limit of the seed of omniscience.<p> The seed of omniscience is the cognition of the parvitude (or smallness) and magnitude (or largeness) of the perception of supersensorious objects, past, present and future, individually as well as collectively. And that person is omniscient in who this seed has grown to its utmost extent. There is a gradual progress of the seed of omniscience because it has various degrees, like Dimension (parimaana). That person in whom wisdom attains its limit, is omniscient; and this is a particular Spirit. <p> The above inference, ending in only a general conclusion, is nor capable of denoting any particular being; consequently the knowledge of particular names is to be looked for in the Scripture. <p> For God, though there is no selfish motive, yet there is the motive of mercy for the creatures,-- (being of the form) 'By mans or instructions in wisdom and virtue, I shall rescue all transmigratory spirits, at the periodical and the final dissolution'.  As is declared: 'The first Knower, Lord and Great Sage (Kapila), with a view to creation, in his mercy, taught the Science to the enquiring Asuri.'",
"26. And such a one is --<p> Sutra 26: the Greatest of even the earliest ones, because unconditioned by time.<p> The early great ones are all conditioned by time for whom time does not appear as a condition, is the instructor and hence the greatest of even the earlier ones; and as (the existence of such a one) is established, in this cycle, by superiority, so should it be understood with reference to the past cycles also.",
"27. Sutra 27: His indicator is the Pranava.<p> God is the indicated of the Pranava.<p> Is denotation of it convention, or is it inherent in it, like the light or the lamp?  <p> The relation of this indicated (the God) with the indicator (the pranava) is inherent. Convention due to God only represents objects, already existing; as for example, the natural relation of the father and son is expressed by convention as 'This is the Father, and that his son.' In other cycles also, convention is dependent upon the (inherent) faculties of the indicator and the indicated. The masters of scripture declare the relation of word and meaning to be eternal because of the eternal character of universal agreement (in convention). ",
"28. Sutra 28: Its repetition, and the contemplation of its meaning.<p> The repetition of the Pranava and the contemplation of its denotation--God. In its manner then the internal organ of the yogi, who repeats the pranava and reflects on its meaning, becomes concentrated; as is declared: 'After repetition, one should have recourse to meditation ; and after meditation, again he should take to repetition. Through perfection in repetition and meditation the supreme spirit lightens.' (Vishnu Purana)",
"29. What more accrues to him?<p> Sutra 29: Hence the cognition of reversed perception and absence of obstacles.  <p> All the obstacles--disease and the rest-- cease to exist, by virtue of devotion to God. And to him belongs the perception of his real character. 'As God is a Spirit, pure, blissful, isolated and free from troubles,--so also is this spirit, the counter-cogniser of Buddhi (intellect'--such being the recognition.",
"30. Sutra 30: Disease, Languor, Doubt, Carelessness, Sloth, Worldly-mindedness, Mistaken Notions, Missing the Point, and Instability;--these causing the distraction of the internal organ are the obstacles.<p> The obstacles, the distractors of the internal organ are nine. These are possible only in the company of the functions of the internal organ, which latter too are not possible without these. Disease--disorder of the humours, fluids and the senses. Languor--incapability of the internal organ to work. Doubt--cognition touching both ends of a subject--'this may be, this may not be'. Carelessness-- non-reflection on the means of meditation. Sloth-- Inactivity of the body and mind, due to lethargy. Worldly-mindedness-- desire with regard to the connection of the internal organ with sensorious objects. Mistaken Notions-- contrary or false cognition. Missing the Point--non-acquirement of the state of meditation. Instability--the unfixed character of the internal organ with regard to the stages already acquired. The mind would become steady for the accomplishment of meditation.<p> These the distractors of the internal organ, the mind impurities of meditation, also called the Enemies and obstacles of meditation.",
"31. Sutra 31: Pain, Irritation, Trembling, Inspiration and Expiration are the companions of distractions. <p> Pain--the natural, the terrestrial and the celestial Pain is that, being struck by which living beings try for its extirpation. Irritation--agitation of the mind, due to non-fulfillment of desire. Trembling--that which shakes the body. Inspiration--in that breath which touches (draws) the external air; and Expiration is which expels the internal air. <p> These are the companions of distractions. These happen to those whose minds are distracted; and not to those whose minds are at peace.",
"32. Sutra 32: For their prevention, exercise on one principle. <p> One ought to apply the internal organ fixed upon one single principle, for the prevention of distraction. One whose internal organ consists in mere cognition based upon several objects, and transitory, such a one's internal organ can never concentrated, and as such must be distracted. If however it is drawn away from other objects, and fixed on any one object, then it concentrated, and hence not based on several objects. <p> One who thinks the internal organ to be concentrated when it is found to consist in an uninterrupted flow of similar cognitions,-- for him, if concentration is a property of the current of the internal organ, then (there is the objection that) such a current cannot be one, because it is momentary. If however the concentration be said to belong to the cognition, only so far as the current is concerned,--then (there is the objection that in that case, the whole of this (current), consisting either in the current of similar cognitions, or of dissimilar ones, would be fixed upon several objects, and as such concentrated; and as such there could never be any distraction of the internal organ. Therefore it must be concluded that the internal organ is one, and has many objects. Again if by the one internal organ were brought about unconnected and heterogeneous (or dissimilar) cognitions then, one cognition would remember the object perceived by another cognition, and one would experience the effects of the karmic residua gathered by another cognition. Such a cognition, even if in any way fixed, would imply the rule of 'the cow dung and the milk- pudding.' (editor: i.e., the vulgar reasoning that the cow dung is the pudding, because both owe their existence to the cow).<p> And further, if the internal organ were different, then the (Banddha would fall into the danger of) having done away with the cognition of his self. How? 'I am touching what I had seen,' 'I am seeing what I had touched'--such a cognition is present to the agent as being identical, though the cognitions themselves are different. How would this consciousness of a single cognition, the cognition of the identical self,--existing in several and altogether dissimilar internal organs--rest itself upon a single conscious agent?  This consciousness of personal identity is quite perceptible to the agent; and certainly the force of perception is not affected by any other proof; for all other proofs owe their strength in usage to perception alone. <p> Therefore the internal organ is one, fixed upon various objects and is  steady.",
"33. Question. For some, this system lays down the purifier. Whence is this?<p> Sutra 33: The peacefulness of the internal organ through friendliness, compassion, complacency and indifference in regard to pleasure and pain, and virtue and vice.<p> One ought to bear friendship towards all the beings that may be enjoying pleasure; compassion towards the distressed; complacency towards the virtuous ; end indifference towards the vicious. To one who thus bears himself, accrues pure virtue; thence the internal organ becomes cheerful (peaceful); and being cheerful, it becomes concentrated and attains to steadiness.",
"34. Sutra 34: Or by the expulsion and retention of breath.<p> The throwing out of the internal air through the nostrils, by a special effort, is Expulsion; Retention is the regulation of breath. By these two means also is one to bring steadiness of the internal organ.",
"35. Sutra 35: Or Cognition resulting from sensuous objects may be the cause of steadiness.<p> Of one who concentrates (his mind) on the tip of the nose, the consciousness of superphysical odour is the disposition of smell; by concentration on the tip of the tongue, the consciousness of taste; that of colour, in the palate; that of touch, in the centre of tongue; and that of sound at the base of the tongue. These dispositions, when produced, bind the internal organ to steadiness, remove all doubt, and become the means of meditative wisdom. A similar objective cognition is to be understood with regard to the cognitions of the sun, the moon, the planets, the gems and the like.<p> Though all principles, got at through the various sciences, inferences and the instructions of teachers, are always true,-- because all these agents have the capacity of expounding only true principles,--yet, so long as even a single portion thereof has not been amenable to one's own sense-organs, the whole of it appears far removed, and as such does not bring about the steadiness of the internal organ with regard to such subtle entities, as Isolation and the like. Therefore for the sake of strengthening the scientific, inferential and tutorial doctrines, one should always try to directly perceive any one of the particulars. And when a particular portion of the imparted doctrine has been directly perceived, then the agent gains faith in even the subtlest elements thereof, ending in Isolation.  For this reason is this (objective cognition) called the perfection or embellishment of the internal organ.<p> With regard to the non-fixed (i.e. stray) cognitions, when there has been produced the Consciousness of having subdued (Vashikarasanjna) with regard thereto, then would it (the internal organ) be capable of directly perceiving the various objects. And on this will follow unimpeded, faith, energy, memory and meditation.",
"36. Sutra 36: Or the sorrowless, luminous. <p> Add 'disposition when produced causes the steadiness of the internal organ'--this much has to be continued (from the last aphorism). The perception (or consciousness) of the internal organ belonging to one who fixes on the lotus of the heart, is of two kinds: (l) The sorrowless, the objective, and (2) the pure egotism or self-consciousness which latter disposition is also called the luminous; whereby the internal organ of the yogi attains to steadiness. The internal organ in its goodness is effulgent and like the sky; and the disposition due to the purity of steadiness therein, develops into the form of the brightness of the sun, the moon, the planets and the precious gems. Similarly, the internal organ, fallen upon egotism or self-consciousness, becomes similar to the still waters of the ocean, calm and in connection herewith is declared. '(The agent), having thought of the atomic self, has the notion of, I am.'",
"37. Sutra 37: Or the internal organ having for its object the passionless.<p> The internal organ of the yogi, coloured by its object, and the internal organ of persons devoid of attachment, attain to steadiness.",
"38. Sutra 38: Or that depending on knowledge resulting from dream or sleep.<p> The yogi's internal organ, depending on the knowledge in dreams, or that in sleep, and becoming of the same form as these, attains to steadiness.",
"39. Sutras 39: Or by meditating according to one's predilection.<p> One ought to meditate upon the object which is most to his liking. The internal organ, having acquired steadiness in that, will be able to attain to it elsewhere also.",
"40. Sutra 40: His mastery extends from the minutest atom to infinite magnitude.<p> By thinking (or applying the mind) on minute objects (the Yogi) acquires (with regard to objects) up to the minutest atom; and by thinking on the gross objects he attains to the steadiness of the internal organ, extending to the utmost limit of infinity. Thus then (to the Yogi) who runs over both these ends, belongs non-bafflement (or non-disturbance); and this is supreme Mastery. The internal organ of the Yogi, having become accomplished through this mastery, no longer stands in need of the purifications brought about by practice (or exercise).",
"41. Sutra 41: To him of over-powered functions, like that of a clear gem, there is,--with regard to the cogniser, the means of cognition, and the cognised-- the modification, consciousness or state of similarity, identity, or cosubtantiation with these, of that which rests in them. <p> 'To him of overpowered functions'--To one whose cogitations have been suppressed. 'Like that of a clear gem' only cites an example. As a rock-crystal, affected by the forms of the several objects (presented to it), appears similar to them; so the internal organ, being affected by its object, the cognised, and thereby assuming its character, appears in the same form. That which is affected by minute elements, assumes their character, and as such appears in the same form; similarly that which is affected by a gross object, assumes its character and hence appears in a gross form; and lastly, in the same manner, that which is affected by the various modifications of the universe, assumes the character of such modifications, and as such in the same form.  In the same manner, we should find with regard to the 'Means of cognition,' i.e. the sense-organs. (The internal organ) affected by the sense-organs, assumes their character and as such appears in the form. Similarly, when it is affected by the cognising agent as its object, it acquires his character as such appears form; and in the same manner becoming affected by the Free Spirit, it becomes identical therewith, and hence appears in that form.<p> Such is the character of the internal organ, similar to that or transparent jewels consisting in its identity, on cosubstantiation,--in matters relating to the cogniser, the means of cognition and the cognised, i.e. to the spirit, the sense-organs the elements,--with these (cogniser etc.), of that which rests in them (in this case the internal organ itself). And this is called Samapaati (condition, modification or consciousness).",
"42. Sutra 42: The argumentative condition is that which is mixed with the modification of words, meanings and understanding (or idea.) <p> As for example, we find and that with regard to the three aspects--'cow' the word, 'cow' the meaning or object, and 'cow' the knowledge or idea--we have an undifferentiated joint perception, though the three are really distinct from one another. Where however, they are differentiated, there are some properties of the word, of the meaning, and others again of the idea--Such is the way of their differentiation.  If the object 'cow', rising to the contemplative consciousness of the yogi engaged in the aforesaid (fanciful perception), happens to be affected by the modification of word, meaning and idea, then it becomes of a mixed up condition, and is called the 'argumentative.'",
"43. When on the other hand, in the contemplative consciousness, which is free from all notions of verbal convention as well as from all modification of knowledge due to valid testimony and inference,-- then there appears the object in its own real form, characterised by nothing but this form alone; and that condition is the Non-argumentative. This is the highest perception; and it is the root of valid testimony and inference, both of these arising from it. Such a perception cannot be said to occur in the company of knowledge due to assertion and inference. Therefore the perception of the yogi due to non-argumentative Meditation, is unmixed with any other kind of right notion: and the author explains the definition of this non-argumentative condition, by means of the following aphorism:<p> Sutra 43: The non-argumentative is that in which, on the dissolution of memory, the meaning (or object,) alone, is apparent, and which appears as if devoid of own identity.<p> All verbal convention, fancy with regard to knowledge due to testimony and inference, and memory, having been dissolved,--the consciousness, coloured by the form of the object of cognition (acceptance), forsakes, as it were, that form of its own which is constituted by the acceptance or cognition, and becomes solely of the form of the object-- i.e. assumes the form of the object of (acceptance or) cognition; and this (consciousness) is the non-argumentative condition.  Thus has this been explained already (in the prefatory remarks to this aphorism).<p> The object of this condition is the universe of objects, animate or inanimate, which consists (respectively) in the object as a whole (in the case of animate objects) or in a particular agglomeration of minute particles (in the case of inanimate objects), and which gives rise to a unitary consciousness (i.e.  the consciousness of the object as a single whole). This particular agglomeration (the gross object,) is the common property of the minute particles (constituting it); and as such constituting their very nature, it is inferred from the manifested effect (the notion of the object as a whole), and presents itself, through agencies leading to its manifestation; and disappears on the appearance of other properties (of the same particles). This same property (described above) is called the component (whole), which is 'one, large, small, tangible, active, and transient'; it is by means of such component wholes that all business is carried on. One to whom such a particular agglomeration is nothing (and the object of abstract perception), and to whom a minute (or subtle) cause is imperceptible (even to abstract indeterminate perception), --to such a one, there being no component whole, all knowledge would be false--false knowledge having been defined as 'notion abiding in a form which is not that of the object' (aph. 7). And under the circumstances there being no object, what could be his true knowledge? Whatever object is perceived has been decided to be a component whole.  Therefore it must be admitted that there is a component whole, bearing the usage of largeness etc., which becomes the object of the non-argumentative condition.",
"44. Sutra 44: By this, the deliberative and the non-deliberative, as pertaining to subtile objects, are also described. <p> Of these that condition is called the 'deliberative' which pertains to the subtile Elements, whose properties have been manifested, and which are characterised by a notion of their place, time and cause. Of this also that which appears as the object of Meditative consciousness is such a subtile element as is qualified by an apparent property, and amenable to Unitary consciousness (see above).  On the other hand, the non-deliberative condition is that which appertains in all ways and by all means to such subtile objects as are free from the specialisation of all properties past, present, and future, and yet accompanied by all properties, and containing them. Being of such character, the subtile Element by means of this same form becomes an object (of perception), and as such colours (or affects) the form of meditative consciousness.  When this consciousness loses its own identity (form) and consists solely in the object, it is called the 'non-deliberative.' Of these the argumentative and the non-argumentative appertain to gross (extended) objects, whereas the deliberative and the non-deliberative appertain to the subtile ones. Thus also by this very non-argumentative (condition) has been described the destruction of fancy with regard to both.",
"45. Sutra 45: The Subtile objectivity terminates in the indissoluble.<p> Of the Earth--atom the odoriferous Element is the subtile object; of the, Aqueous, the taste-Element; of the Fiery, the colour-Element; of the Aerial, the tactile Element; of Space (akasha), the sound-Element; of these (the rudimentary Elements), again, self-consciousness is the subtile object; of self-consciousness, the dissoluble (Buddhi); of this Buddhi too the subtile object is the Indissoluble (Nature).  And there is no subtile entity beyond the Indissoluble.  If it be urged that--'The Spirit is such a subtile entity,'-- we reply--true; the subtility of the Spirit (with regard to Nature) is not of the character as that of Nature over Buddhi. 'What is it then?' Spirit is not the material cause of the dissoluble, though it is an instrumental cause.  Therefore the subtilest of the subtile terminates in Nature.",
"46. Sutra 46: These verily constitute 'seeded' meditation.<p> These four conditions have external objects for their seed; consequently the meditation is seeded. Among these, that with regard to gross objects, is argumentative and non-argumentative, and that with regard to subtile objects, is deliberative and non-deliberative,--this four-fold has meditation been numbered.",
"47. Sutra 47: On the purity of the non-deliberative, internal perspicuity.<p> Purity consists in the steady current--untainted by Tamas and Rajas and hence clear of the principle or spiritual consciousness, consisting in brightness (or illumination) and free from the touch of all masking impurities.  When this purity accrues to non-deliberative meditation, then to the yogi belongs internal perspicuity,--i.e. a clear conscious vision, irrespective of all sequence, with regard to real objects; as is declared: 'The wise reaching to the perspicuity of consciousness, look upon all beings, as a man on a mountain top does upon those on the ground below,--thinking of (other) beings, while being himself unthinkable.'",
"48. Sutra 48: Therein consciousness is truth-bearing.<p> During the aforesaid condition, the consciousness of the meditative one, has the name of truth-bearing; and this name is applicable literally; because such consciousness supports truth alone, there being not a trace of untruth; as is declared: 'By valid testimony, by inference, and by a respectful exercise of contemplation, bringing about his consciousness, one attains to supreme union (yoga).'",
"49. And this again...<p> Sutra 49: ...has its subject different from those of revealed and inferential consciousness, because it refers to particulars. <p> 'Revealed'--the knowledge due to the scriptures; this refers to generals; for certainly the scripture can never denote particulars. Why? Because, the word (on which revelation is based) has not its usage based on particulars.  Similarly inference also refers to generals alone? (The typical form of inference being)--where approach is, there is access, and where there is non-approach, there is no access.  Inference leads to conclusions only by generalities. Therefore there can be no particularity which can be the object of either revelation or inference. Nor is this subtile, veiled (occult) and magnificent object (of meditation) amenable to ordinary perception. Nor, lastly, can we deny the existence of such a particular, as unproved. Therefore this particular object--whether pertaining to the subtile Elements or to Spirit--is amenable to meditative consciousness alone. Therefore the aforesaid consciousness has an object different from those of revealed and inferential consciousness, because it appertains to particulars.",
"50. Sutra (50); The impression or residuum due to this is contradictory to other impressions.<p> The impression (residuum) arising from meditative consciousness obstructs the residuum of impression produced by the worldly condition (Vyutthana). And the impressions of the worldly condition having been suppressed, the cognitions due to these are no longer produced; and these cognitions being suppressed, meditation comes forward; then follows meditative consciousness, and in its wake, the impressions produced by that consciousness. Thus every time a new residuum of impressions is produced giving rise to a fresh supply of consciousness, which again in its turn would bring about fresh impressions. (Question): 'Wherefore will this excess of impressions not afford power i.e., function, or capacity to the internal organ'? (Reply): The impressions brought about by the aforesaid consciousness do not give power to internal organ; because they are the means of the removal of pain; in fact they serve to separate the internal organ from its functionings; for the functionings of the internal organ has its termination discriminative in wisdom.",
"51. What occurs to this?<p>Sutra 51: On the suppression of this also, all being suppressed, (there is) meditation without seed. <p> And this is an obstacle not only to meditative consciousness, but also to all impressions produced by this consciousness.  Why? Because the impressions produced by suppression always obstruct those produced by meditation.  And the existence of impressions, produced by the suppressive mind, is to be inferred from the experience of the sequence of time with regard to the suppressed state of the internal organ. The internal organ resolves itself into its own permanent Prakriti (nature,) along with all the impressions, produced by the waking, the suppressed and the meditative conditions, partaking of isolation. Therefore such impressions are obstacles to the activity of the internal organ, and as such do not lead to its continuance. And thereby the internal organ, divested of its functions, desists along with the impressions of the isolated state;--and on the suppression of this, the Spirit abides in its own form, and hence is called pure and liberated."
],[
"1. The Yoga belonging to one of pacified mind, has been expounded. Now begins the (consideration of the question): How would one whose mind is in the waking (worldly) state, achieve Yoga?<p> Sutra 1: Ascetism, Study, and Resignation to God constitute an Active Yoga.<p> Yoga is not achieved by the non-ascetic. Asceticism is a means (to Yoga), because without asceticism it is impossible to distend the (bonds of) impurities, entangled in the meshes of sensuous objects, and intermixed with endless actions, afflictions, and desires. And the asceticism (here meant) is the undisturbed or unchecked peace of mind which is to be striven after by the yogi--such has been declared in the scriptures. Study--the repetition of the sacred words, the Pranava and the rest, or the study of the science treating of Liberation.  Resignation to God--the offering of all actions to the Supreme Teacher or venerable (God), or the relinquishment to their fruits.",
"2. And this Active Yoga...<p> Sutra  2: Is for the contemplation of Samadhi and for the attenuation of distractions. <p> Active Yoga, being striven after, leads to the cognition of Samadhi, and attenuates the distractions; and the distractions, being thus attenuated, are bound to have their roots burnt up as it were by the fire of wisdom, and thus to be deprived of their productive capacity.  They having been attenuated, the discriminative knowledge of the difference between the material attributes and the Spirit, being untainted by distractions, and thus constituting the subtle consciousness;--has its functions finished, and is fit for the dissolution (literally, retrograde progress).",
"3. Now what are the distractions, and how many are they?<p> Sutra 3: Ignorance, Egoism, Desire, Aversion, and Attachment are the five distractions.<p> Distractions-- that is to say the five misconceptions (1.8). These issuing forth strengthen the power (capacity) of the attributes, establish the various modifications, lay open the current of cause and effect, and lastly, depending upon mutual aid, bring out the fructification of Karma.",
"4. Sutras 4: Ignorance is the breeding ground for those that follow-- (whether they be) dormant, weak, intercepted, or operative. <p> Here Ignorance is the breeding ground i.e., the productive ground of the following:--i.e., Egoism and the rest which are assumed to of four kinds--dormant, weak, intercepted, and operative. <p> Of these, what is dormancy? It is the germinal condition of the distractions abiding in the mind only by their latent potency (i.e., not yet existing in reality). The awakening of these consists in their proximity to their respective objects. For one, however, who has wisdom, and the seed of whose distractions has been burnt up,--this does not exist, even, on the presentation of the object. For, whence the sprouting of a burnt seed? For this reason, the expert, whose distractions are at an end, is called the Charamadeha (Lit. The Last-body). It is only in such a body, and nowhere else, that distractions attain the fifth condition-- wherein the seed has been burnt. In that condition the existing distractions have their productive faculty burnt up, and hence even on the proximity of the objects they have no awakening. Thus has been described dormancy as also the non-production of the burnt seeds.<p> Weakness is (now) described: Distractions become weak, by being put down by contrary practices. Similarly on being intercepted again and again, they appear again by means of their respective forms,--and are thus said to be intercepted.  How ? Because anger is not seen simultaneously with attachment. For certainly anger does not operate at a time when there is attachment. And further, the fact of attachment existing with regard to one object does not lead to the inference of the absence of attachment with regard to (all) other objects. For the assertion that 'Chaitra is attached to one woman' does not lead to the conclusion that 'he has an aversion towards all other women'; all that is meant by the former assertion is that attachment is already in operation with regard to the particular woman, whereas with regard to other women it has only got a potency to become operative at some future time. And such a (distraction endued with a future potency) becomes either dormant or weak or intercepted. That which is already operating with regard to its object, is said to be operative.<p> All these do not go beyond the limits of distraction.  Which distraction then, is intercepted, dormant, weak or operative? This will be explained later on. True--but they have been said to be intercepted etc. only with regard to their particular phases. As it is suppressed by contrary agencies, so it is rendered manifest by its manifesting causes.<p> All these distractions are forms of ignorance. Why?  Because Ignorance pervades through all of them. The form that Ignorance gives to an object, by that form alone do the distractions abide; and they are found to exist simultaneously with misconception, as well as to disappear with Ignorance.",
"5. The form of Ignorance is now described: <p> Sutra 5: Ignorance is the notion of the identity of the eternal, the pure, the joyous and the spirit, with that which is non-eternal, impure, painful and non-spirit.<p> The cognisance of eternality in non-eternal effects e.g. 'the permanent earth', 'permanent the heavens together with the moon and stars', Immortal the celestial beings'.  Similarly there is cognition of purity in the impure and disgusting body: it being declared: 'on account of the position, the seed, the constituents and also on account of death, and lastly on account of purity being imposed upon it,--the learned have declared the body to be impure.' e.g. 'Beautiful like the fresh moon, this girl appears as if her limbs were made up of honey end ambrosia, or as if she had emerged from the moon; and she, having eyes like the blue lotus leaves, by means of her love-ful eyes, enlivens as it were, the living world':--(in this) what has any relation to what? (A. The whole is altogether an unconnected whole). Thus we find that there is a mistaken notion of purity with regard to impure things. Similar to this is the of virtue in vice, and that of useful in the useless.<p> In the same manner, the notion of pleasure in pain will be spoken of in aphorism 15 of section II.  The idea of pleasure in the pain spoken of in the aphorism referred to is Ignorance.<p> Similarly, the idea of spirit in the non-spirit, such as in the external accessories, sentient as well as insentient,--or in the body which is the substratum of experience,--or in the mind, the accessory of the spirit. In this connection it is declared: 'Taking the manifested or unmanifested accessories to be his self, he rejoices in their prosperity, thinking such prosperity to be his own; and deplores their calamity, thinking it to be his own;-- such a one is altogether deluded.' (Panchashikacharya).<p> Such is Ignorance, having four feet as it were, the root of all the series of troubles, as also of all karmic residua, together with their fructification. Like the words Amitra and Agoshpada, Ignorance (Avidya) is a positive entity. As the word Amitra does not denote the absence of a friend, nor a single friend, but it denotes something contradictory thereto,--an enemy;--and again as the word Agoshpada does not denote the absence of the foot-print of the cow, nor the single foot print of cow; on the other hand it denotes something quite other than these two, --a particular country; in the same manner Ignorance is neither right conception, nor the absence of right conception,-- it is quite an independent idea by itself, opposed to knowledge or wisdom.<p>",
"6. Sutra 6: Egoism is the identifying of the power that sees with the power of seeing.<p> Spirit being the 'power that sees' and the mind the 'power of seeing',-- the conception of the identity of these two constitutes the distinction of egoism. It is only on the non-discrimination of the two quite unblended and distinct powers of the enjoyer and enjoyed that enjoyment arises; when however, the true nature of the two has been ascertained, there follows isolation, and all enjoyment disappears.  This has been thus declared: 'Not perceiving the spirit, which is above mind, and which is distinct from it by reason of its form, character, wisdom and the like,--one forms of the idea of self therein (in the mind) only through stupidity'-- (Panchashikacharya)",
"7. Sutra 7: Desire is that which dwells on pleasure. <p> Desire is the hankering after pleasure or its means, preceded by a remembrance of the pleasure, belonging to one who has had experience of that pleasure.<p>",
"8. Sutra 8: Aversion is that which dwells on pain.<p> Aversion consists in the anger, desire for removal, of pain or its means, preceded by a remembrance of pain,-- belonging to one who has had experience of that pain.",
"9. Sutra 9. The well-known (distraction), that which flows in the current of its own residua, and which is well known to the learned even, is Attachment (or Tenacity of Life).<p> To all living beings there is the constant selfish wish-- 'May I not cease to be.' 'May I continue to exist.' And such a selfish desire does not belong to one who has not experienced the experience. This is the distraction called 'Attachment (to Life),' which flows in the current of its own residua. To the lowest worm just born there is a fear of death, consisting in consciousness of its (coming) annihilation, not borne out by either perception or inference, or valid testimony;--and such it testifies to the pangs of death experienced in previous births. As this distraction is found among the extremely stupid, so is it found to be known to the learned also; because the aforesaid residua, resulting from the experience of the pangs of death, is common to both the expert and the stupid.",
"10.  Sutra 10: These, the subtile ones, should be suppressed by retrogression.<p> On the dissolution of the active mind of the Yogi, the aforesaid five distractions, having their seeds nearly burnt up, disappear together with it (the mind).",
"11. Of those that still continue, and have attained to the condition of the seed.--<p> Sutra 11: Of these, the functions are to be suppressed by contemplation.<p> The gross functions of the distractions, having been attenuated by active yoga, are to be suppressed by contemplative wisdom, till they become Subtile, i.e. till they have their seeds nearly burnt up.  Just as the dust in a piece of cloth is at first shaken off, and the finer kinds then removed by finer means,--so in the same manner, the gross functions of the distractions have small adversaries, whereas the subtile ones have great adversaries.",
"12. Sutra 12: The residua of actions have their origin in distractions, and are felt in the manifest or the unmanifest life.<p> Of these, the residua of virtuous and vicious deeds give birth to desire, avarice, stupidity and anger; and this residuum is felt either by the manifest birth or by the unmanifest one. Of these that which is brought about by ardent repetition or mantras or by asceticism or by meditation,--or that Which is accomplished by proper attendance on (or devotion to) the great ones--The Lord, the elemental Gods, the great Rishis,-- such a residuum of virtuous actions, bears immediate fruit. In the same manner, the repeated harms that are done to the fearing, the sick and the helpless, or to one who has confidence in the agent, or to the great ascetics --such a residuum of vicious actions also bears immediate fruit. As the Nandisvara Kumara, having relinquished the human modification, was transformed into a god, and so also Nahusha the Lord of the gods, having relinquished his own form, was transformed into a beast. Of hellish beings there is no Karmic residuum which is felt in the manifest birth; and for those whose distractions have ended, there is no Karmic residuum to be felt in the unmanifest (future) birth.",
"13. Sutra 13: The root existing, its fruition (consists in) birth, life (or age) and experience.<p> It is only when the distractions exist that the Karmic residuum begins its fruition and not when the root in the shape of distractions has been destroyed. As for example, the rice in the paddy, is capable of sprouting up only when it is surrounded by the chaff, and has its seeding faculty undestroyed; and not when the chaff has been removed and the seeding faculty destroyed. Similarly the Karmic residuum is fit to sprout up into fruition only when hemmed in by distractions, and not when the distractions have been removed, or when its seeding faculty has been destroyed by the fire of wisdom.<p> This fruition is threefold. Birth, Age and Experience. In this connection we have to consider the following questions.  <p> Editor: p.56 was missing in my scanned copy of the 1907 edition, so I am using text from the revised (verbose) 1934 edition to fill in the translation for this missing portion.<p> (a) Is one act the cause of one birth? or (b) does one act bring about several births? and secondly, the question--(c) Do several acts bring about several births? or (d) do several acts bring about one birth?<p> (a) One act cannot be the cause of one birth;-- why?--because, if that were so, then, people would cease to have any confidence  (in the fruitfulness of good deeds); as there can be no certainty regarding the order of the appearance of the results of the innumerable acts accumulated from beginning-less time--in the shape of the remnants of those whose results have already accrued to the Man,--as also those of the acts that he us doing in his present life; and such want of confidence would be highly undesirable.<p> (b)Nor can a single act be the cause of several births;--why?--because, in that case from among the past innumerable acts, if each one were to be the cause of several births, then we would be faced with the contingency that there would be no time for the fruition of the remaining acts; and this would also be an undesirable contingency.<p> (c) Nor again can several acts be the cause of several births;--why?-- because, as it is not possible for the several births to occur at one and the same time, it would be necessary to postulate that they occur one after the other, in some order of sequence; and this would be open to the same objection as stated before [in (a)].<p> From all this the conclusion is that what actually happens is as follows: Between one birth and death [during which the man is experiencing the effects of that portion of his Karmic residuum which has become operative, prarabdha, for that life], there remains (dormant) the entire store of the residua of the man?s good and evil deeds (in the form of his Sanchita, stored up, Karma), which is of multifarious character, and wherein some (residua) are more important (potent) than others; and when the time of death arrives, all this store becomes manifested (i.e., more active) and the entire store, as one whole, brings about the man's death, and becoming operative (active) brings about his one birth (the one immediately following the said death).  This Birth has its span of life also determined by the same set of acts, and the experience that the man undergoes during that life are also determined by that same set of acts. The Karmic Residua (which form part of the aforesaid store) being the cause of the man's Birth, Life, and Experience, is called 'three-fruited' [and this is called Prarabdha, that portion of the man's store of Karmic Residua which is operative during this one life; the rest of the store lying dormant, as explained above, during this life]. It is for this reason that the Karmic Residuum (the Prarabdha part of it) has been called Ekabhavika, 'operative during one Life'.<p> Editor: Resuming from 1907 edition.<p> On the other hand, that which is felt by the manifest birth, being the cause of experience alone, is said to originate a single fruition; or when it is the cause of life and experience both, it is said to originate a two-fold fruition as in the case of Nandisvara or Nahusa. The residual longings (Vasana) caused by the experience of the fruition of actions and distractions from time immemorial turn the mind into one aggregate whole; and the mind being this variegated appears like a fishing net spread over with knots (which in the case of the mind would be the various residua as above described); thus are these residua said to be preceded by (caused by) many births.  It is the Karmic residuum alone that is said to be of one birth. The impressions or tendencies (sanskaras) which cause the memory (or remembrance), are the residual longings (Vasana), and are eternal.<p> The one-birth Karmic residuum is both of certain and uncertain fruition. Of these, this rule (the rule or being of one birth) holds only in the case of the residuum experienced in the manifest birth. whose fruition is certain, and not in that of the residuum experienced in the manifest birth whose fruition is uncertain. Because in the case of the latter there are three courses: (l) The destruction of that which has been done, but has not borne results, (2) inclusion (of the secondary ones) in the primary action, (3) the long continuity (of the secondary ones) hemmed in by the primary action whose function is certain. As an example of the first we have the destruction in the present life of the black (evil) actions by the white (good) ones. In this connection it is declared 'In this world actions are to be considered two-fold; the aggregate of good actions destroys the evil ones; therefore desire to perform good actions ; the wise ones declare actions for thee in this present (birth).' To exemplify the second: 'There may be little (of evil), mixed up (with the good), removable, and bearable; it is not capable of reducing the good ones;--why?  Because the quantity of the good is much, wherein this (evil) is hidden, and which is sure to bring about a slight harm even in heaven'. (Panchashikhacharya). To exemplify the third course--'The long continuance of the secondary action hemmed in by the primary one whose fruition is certain'--How? Because it is only for the action experienced in the unmanifest birth, whose fruition is certain, that the cause of manifestation has already been said to be death, which is not the cue with that which is experienced in unmanifest birth, whose fruition is uncertain. This latter kind of actions may either be destroyed or dissolved (mixed up with the more important actions), or lastly long continue to exist as hemmed in (by those important actions),--so long as it is not turned towards fruition by its manifesting cause, in the form of some similar action. And it is for this uncertainty of the time, place and cause of the fruition of actions, that the course of action is said to be curious and unintelligible. As the secondary cannot be set aside by the primary, therefore we postulate the 'One-birth' karmic residua.",
"14. Sutra 14: They have pleasure or pain for their fruit, according as their cause is virtue or vice.<p> 'They'--birth, age and experience, having virtue for their cause, have pleasure for their fruit; and when they have vice for their cause, then they have pain for their fruit.  As this pain consists in contrariness (to the agent's wishes), so also in the course of pleasurable enjoyment of an object, there is pain for the yogi.",
"15. How do explain this? (Reply :) <p> Sutra 15: To the wise, all is pain,-- because of the adverse functions of the Attributes, and of the pains of consequence, anxiety and impression. <p> (1) The experience of pleasure, belonging to all persons, is infused with passion, and dependent upon animated and inanimate means; thus in this case there is the Karmic residua born of passion; similarly the agent avoids the means to pain, and is deluded (or infatuated),--so there is the Karmic residuum born of aversion and stupefaction.  As is declared: 'No enjoyment is without killing some beings',--thus there is the bodily Karmic residuum born of the slaughter, and it has already been declared that all sensual pleasure is Ignorance, pleasure consists in the peace resulting from the satisfaction of the senses with regard to sensuous objects, and pain consists in the want of peace resulting from fickleness. And certainly the satisfaction of the senses cannot be brought about by repeated enjoyment; why? Because the passions grow by repeated enjoyment, as does also the pertness of the senses. Consequently repeated enjoyment cannot be the means of pleasure. Thus then if a person desiring pleasure, is infused with (a desire for) sensuous objects and hence becomes entangled in the mire of pain,-- it affords a parallel to the case of one who, fearing the bite of the common scorpion, is stung by a serpent. This pain of consequence (i.e. the pain that follows as a result of pleasure), being contrary (to the wish), troubles the yogi even in state of pleasure, (because he knows that it will end in pain).<p> (2) Now, what is the nature of the pain of anxiety? All men have the experience of anxiety, infused With aversion, depending upon animate and inanimate causes--thus there is Karmic residuum born of aversion; and again with a view to the means of pleasure, the agent acts by body, words and mind, and thereby favours or harms another; and this favouring or harming of others brings about an aggregate of virtue and vice,--this Karmic residuum proceeds from avarice and delusion; and this is what is called the pain of anxiety.<p> What is the pain of impressions? The residuum of pleasurable impressions proceeds from an experience of pleasure and that of painful impressions from the experience of pain.  Similarly, when either pleasure or pain is experienced, as fruits of actions, then again follows the stock of Karmic residuum.  Thus this everlasting flow of the current of pain, consisting in contrariness (to his wishes), makes the yogi anxious; why? Because the wise is like the eye-ball; just as a fine thread of wool put in the eye gives pain by mere touch, which it does not do in other parts of the body, so do the aforesaid pains give pain to the eye-ball-like yogi alone, and to no other agent. On the other hand, the agent who relinquishes the pain caused by his own actions which he has borne, and again bears that which has been relinquished,-- and who is on all sides hemmed in by Ignorance as it were in the form of the mental function variegated by everlasting residual longings,--and lastly, who has the idea of self and mine With regard to the objects to be avoided (the body, wife and children etc.),--such an agent, whenever he is born, is flooded over by threefold pain, brought about both by extrinsic and intrinsic causes. Thus then, seeing his own self as well all other beings hemmed in by the everlasting current of pain, the yogi takes refuge in proper Discrimination, which has the power of destroying all pain.<p> For the further reason of 'the adverse character of the functions of the Attributes, all is pain to the wise.' The Attributes of the Buddhi consisting in enlightenment, action (or energy) and idleness, depending upon mutual help, give rise to the quiescent, passionate or delusive cognition, partaking of (the character of) the three Attributes. And the functioning of the Attributes being fickle, the mind is said to be quickly modifying. The forms as well as the functions, in their excess, are contradictory to one another; whereas those that are in their ordinary condition cooperate with those that are in excess. Thus, these Attributes, depending upon one another, bring about the ideas of pleasure, pain and delusion; therefore each of them has the character of all the three; their difference depending upon the predominance and subserviency (of one or the other of them). And thus all is pain to the wise.",
"16. The four-foldness of this Science is: <p> Sutra 16: Avoidable is the pain not yet come.<p> The pain that has passed has already been spent up by Experience, and as such cannot come within the range of avoidability. The pain that is present is, during the moment of its existence, ready for experience, as such cannot at any other moment, be avoided. For reason it is that pain alone which is not yet come, that gives pain to the eye-ball-like yogi, and none else; and it is this pain that is to be warded off. <p>",
"17. The cause of that which is to be avoided is now laid down:<p> Sutra 17: The conjunction of the Spectator and the Spectacle is the cause of that which is to be warded off. <p> The Spectator (the Spirit), the cogniser of Buddhi; The Spectacle, i.e., All the properties that exist in the goodness of Buddhi. Such a spectacle, resembling a magnet, and operating by mere proximity, through its visibility comes to be the Spirit's own--(the spirit being) the Lord, of the form of (pure) consciousness. The Sattvic Buddhi (consciousness) becomes the object of experience and action (of the Spirit); and acquiring its existence through another form, dependent upon another, though by itself it is independent, on account of its being for another's purpose.  Of these two, the spectator and the spectacle, the connection brought about for a purpose, is the cause of that which is to be avoided i.e.--of pain. And it has been declared: 'By avoiding the cause in the shape of connection therewith (with Buddhi) this would be an absolute remedy for pain'-(Panchashikha).  Why? Because we know the remedy for the cause of pain, the avoidable,--e.g. the soles of the feet being capable of being pierced, and the thorn being capable or piercing, the remedy hereof lies in not putting the foot on a thorn, or putting it on it, doing so with shoes. One who knows, these three facts, and has recourse to the remedy, does not experience the pain caused by the pricking of the thorn.  Why? Because of the capability of recognizing the three-foldness.  Similarly with regard to the case in question, the Attribute of goodness is the object of pain caused by that of foulness, the causer of pain--Why? Because the action of paining must fall on an object; and the action of paining (in the present instance) falls on the object of the attribute of Goodness; and not on the Cogniser (the Spirit) who is non-modifiable and devoid of action. Because the Spirit has objects presented to himself (by Buddhi), therefore when the attribute of goodness (the spiritual consciousness) is afflicted, the Spirit too, on account of His dependence on its form, becomes afflicted.",
"18. The form of the Spectacle is now described:<p> Sutra 18: The spectacle is of the nature of illumination, activity and inertia; it consists of the elements and the sense-organs; it is for the purpose of experience and emancipation.<p> Goodness is of the nature of illumination; Foulness of the nature of activity, and Darkness of the nature inertia. Thus, these Attributes principally coloured by one another, having the properties of (and capable of) connection and separation, with their respective forms accomplished by mutual help,--and though mutually subservient yet, having their respective capabilities unmixed,--capable of wielding their capabilities with regard to homogeneous and heterogeneous effects--having their respective proximity (functions) manifested at the time of their respective predominance (activity or operation)-- and though gunas (subservient) yet, having their existence inferred as included in the primary,--having these faculties employed in the accomplishment of the spirit's ends-- helping by mere proximity, and thus resembling a piece of magnet,--and even in the absence of any predisposing causes (such as virtue and the rest), following in the wake of any one of themselves (the one that happens to be the predominating attribute with regard to the effect in question),-- come to be denoted by the name of Pradhana (Primordial Matter),; and this is also called the spectacle.<p> This Spectacle consists of the elements and the sense-organs; i.e., modifying in the form of the elements, i.e., the earth and the rest, in their gross as well as subtile forms; and similarly modifying into the form of the sense-organs--the ear and the rest, in their gross as well as subtile forms. This is not without a purpose; on the contrary it operates only with view to a distinct purpose; consequently, the spectacle is for the purpose of the experience and emancipation of the Spirit.  Of these, experience consists in the ascertainment of the forms of the desirable and the undesirable, not differentiated; ' and emancipation is the ascertainment of the nature of the experience. Besides these two, there is no other perception.  As is declared: 'Even on the existence of three Active Attributes, he (the unwise one) recognises the various natural dispositions (virtue etc.) as presented to the fourth, the inactive Spirit, similar as well as dissimilar (to the attributes), the witness of their operations; and as such does not think any other form of perception possible.'--(Panchashikha).<p> (Question:) How are these two, experience and emancipation, --brought about as they are by Buddhi, and als0 existing therein--referred to the Spirit? (Reply :) Just as victory or defeat, rally belonging to the fighting soldiers, are referred to their master; because he enjoys the fruits thereof; so also bondage and emancipation, really belonging to the Buddhi, are referred to the Spirit, because He is the enjoyer or the fruits of both. Bondage is the non-accomplishment of the soul's purpose, belonging to the Buddhi; and the accomplishment of the same purpose constitutes emancipation.  By this (it is established that) perception, memory, inference or assumptions (Uha), (Apoha), right knowledge, attachment --all belonging to Buddhi, are assumed to exist in the Spirit; because he is the enjoyer of the fruits or these.",
"19. Now begins the consideration of the ascertainment of the different forms of the Attribute, which make up the Spectacle.--<p> Sutra 19: THe specific and the unspecific, the solely mergent, and the non-mergent--are the stages of the Attributes.<p> Of these, Akasa, Air, Fire, Water and Earth, the five elements are the specific (directly evolved effects) of the unspecific sound, touch, colour, taste and odour (respectively).  Similarly the ear, the skin, the eye, the tongue and the nostril,--the sensational sense-organs,--as also speech, the hands, the feet, and the two exretory organs--the five organs of action,--and lastly the universal mind--(all these eleven) are the specific (effects) of the unspecific form of Self-consciousness. This sixteen-fold specific modification belongs to the Attriuates. The unspecific are six: viz: the rudimentary sound, the rudimentary touch, the rudimentary colour, the rudimentary taste, and the rudimentary odour,--having respectively one, two, three, four and five characteristics are the five 'unspecific;' and the sixth is Self-consciousness, pure and simples. These are the unspecific modifications of Mahat (Buddhi or consciousness) itself, which is capacity (capability of fulfilling the soul's purpose) pure and simple--That which is above the unspecific --is the 'solely mergent' spiritual consciousness,--in this, taking their stand, the unspecific modifications reach their highly developed states; and also when dissolving, they take their stand, in the same simple capacity, on the spiritual consciousness, and finally resolve themselves into the unmanifested and non-mergent primordial Matter (Nature), which is beyond existence and non-existence, as also beyond the existing aud the non-existing (effects.)<p> This (consciousness) is the 'solely mergent' modification of the Attributes; and the 'non-mergent' modification is that which is beyond capacity and incapacity. In the non-mergent condition, the soul's purpose is not the cause; because it is the beginning of the non-mergent condition the soul's purpose does not act as the propelling cause; therefore the soul's purpose is not the cause thereof. And because this is not brought about by the soul's purpose, therefore it is called eternal. ln the beginning of the three particular states (the solely mergent, the unspecific and the specific) the propelling is by the soul's purpose which becomes their cause; whence these three are called 'non-eternal'.  The Attributes on the other hand, partaking of the properties of all of tbese, neither dissolve, nor are produced.  They however appear as if endued with the properties of birth and dissolution, through (their connection with) the different individuals, past, present and future, which have the property of connecting themselves with the Attributes; just as Devadatta is said to be becoming poor or deteriorating, because his cattle are dying; so it is only the death of the cattle, and not the destruction of his own form, that constitutes his poverty. This case is exactly similar (to that of the apparent birth and death of the Attributes.)<p> The solely mergent, in close proximity to the non-mergent, and originating therein, become divided therefrom,-- because of the infringibility of the order of sequence; for certainly the sequence is never broken; similarly the six unspecific modifications originating in the solely mergent become divided therefrom in accordance with the fixed order of sequence of the modifications. In the same manner, the elements and the sense-organs, originating in these unspecific ones, become divided therefrom. As has been declared above: 'There is nothing beyond the specific',--i.e., of the specific there is no further modification into any other object. Later on, we shall explain their modification into a condition characterised by virtue.",
"20. The spectacle has been described; now commences the determination of the form of the spectator.<p> Sutra 20: The spectator is absolute sentience, and though pure, (still) beholds intellected ideas.<p> Absolute sentience i.e. the faculty of perception pure and simple, unalloyed with qualifications (illumination); this is the counter-cogniser of consciousness.  He is neither similar nor dissimilar to it. He is not similar. Why? Because consciousness appertaining to known as well as unknown objects, is modifiable; its objects--cow, jar and the like,--being known and unknown, prove it to be modifying. The fact of the Spirit having every object always known to him implies his unmodifying character. Why? Because, (1) consciousness, which is also the object of the Spirit, cannot be both the perceiver and the non-perceiver. Thus is established the fact of every object being always known to the Spirit; which further proves his unmodifying nature. And further (secondly) consciousness is another's purpose, because of its operating conjointly (with the sense-organs, the sensuous objects and self-consciousness); the Spirit on the other hand, exists for his own purpose. And (thirdly) again consciousness, capable of ascertaining aIl the objects, (peacefal, passionate or dark), is made up of the three Attributes, and as such, is insentient; the Spirit on the other hand is the spectator of the three Attributes.  For these reasons the Spirit is not similar to consciousness.  Then let is be dissimilar. No; it is not altogether dissimilar either. Why? Because 'though pure, still it beholds intellected ideas--i.e., because it perceives the ideas belonging to consciousness; and thus perceiving appears similar to it, though really it is not so; as has been declared: 'The faculty of the experiencing agent, unmodifying and non-transferable, appears as if transferred to the modifying object, and falls in with the function there of; and (the same faculty),--endued only with an imitation of the Buddhic function which has been coloured by the touch of sentience,-- and as such really untainted by the Buddhic functions,--is called the function of knowledge'--Panchashikhacharya.", 
"21. Sutra 21: Only for his purpose is the being of the spectacle.<p> The spectacle becoming the object of the Spirit whose form is sentience pure and simple,--the being i.e, the form of the spectacle is for his purpose. On the accomplisbment of experience and emancipation, the (insentient) form of the spectacle, attaining to its existence through another form (the sentient form of the spirit reflected therein), is no longer seen by the Spirit. The destruction of the form would lead to the destruction of the spectacle; but it is not destroyed.",
"22. Why?<p> Sutra 22: Destroyed in the case of one whose purpose has ben fulfilled, it is not destroyed, for she is common to others besides him.<p> Though the spectacle is detroyed with regard to the one Spirit whose purpose has been fulfilled, yet it is not destroyed, because it is common to other spirits. Though it is destroyed with regard to the expert soul, still not having its purpose fulfilled with regard to the inexpert onee, it becomes the object of the sentience of these latter; and as such it still continues to acquire its existence through another's.  Thus the faculties of the seer and the seen being eternal, their ever-lasting connection has been described. As has been declared: 'The objects possessing certain properties being eternal, the connection of the properties themselves too is eternal.'",
"23. The next aphorism has been called forth by a desire to lay down the form of the conjunction (just spoken of in aph. 17):-<p> Sutra 28: Conjunction is the cause of the recognition of the natures of the faculties of itself and that of its Lord's.<p> The Spirit, the Lord, becomes conjoined with his spectacle, for the sake of perception. Hence, the apprehension of the spectacles through such a conjunction is experience; on the other hand the recognition of the nature of the spectator is emancipation. The conjunction having its end in perception, this latter is said to be the cause of disjunction; and non-perception being contradictory to perception, it is said to be the cause of conjunction. Here perception is not the cuase of emancipation, because the absence of non-perception leads to the absence of bondage; and this is emancipation. And because the existence of perception leads to its negation, non-perception, the cause of bondage,-- therefore the cognition of perception is said to be the cause of Isolation.<p> Now, what is this 'non-perception'? (1) Is it a privileged office of the Attributes? or (2) is it the non-production of the principal mind which has presented objects to its sentient Lord i.e. the want of perception in his spectacle? or (3) it it the fact of the attributes resting in the purpose (experience and emancipation)? or (4) Ignorance with its mind being suppressed (i.e., becoming similar to its cause, Nature), is the productive seed (in the form Vasana) of its mind (and thus in this case non-perception being the residual longing of Ignorance)? or (5) on the destruction of the impression (Samskara) of fixity (sthiti), the manifestation of the impression of motion? In this connection it has been declared: 'The Pradhana, continuing in its fixity, and as such not producing any modifications, would become the non-Pradhana (i.e., the non-cause, the inefficient cause); similarly continuing in its mobility, its modifications would become eternal, and thus too would it become non-Pradhana (because the character of the Pradhana consists in producing modifications and thence affording experience for the spirit, and in time dissolving it, and bringing about his emancipation). It is only when it operates both ways (both by fixity and mobility), that it is called Pradhana, not otherwise. The same consideration holds respecting other causes. Or (6) the power of the spectacle (experience etc.) alone is non-perception--so say some; on the strength of the Sruti: 'The operation the Pradhana is for the information of the soul.' The spirit capable of apprehending all that is to cognised, does not perceive anything, prior to the operation of Nature; and then too the spectacle, which is capable of producing all effects, is not perceived; and this is non-perception.  (7) Some people assert that non-perception is the property of both (the spectator spirit, and the spectacle). In this case the perception of the spectacle, though constituting its very nature, is yet recognised as the property of the spectacle only through the cognition the spirit (because without the reflection of the sentience of the spirit, no conscious perception is possible); similarly though the perception does not constitute the nature of the spirit, yet it appears to be the property of the spirit, through the cognition of the spectacle (because without the reflecting spectacle no perception is possible). (8) Lastly, some people assert non-percepticn to be the consciousness of the perception.<p> All these alternatives are mere fancies of the scientific mind. In this connection, the great number of alternatives has a common object in reference to the conjunction of aIl the souls with the attributes.",
"24. The conjunction of the retrograde sentience with its own spiritual consciousness (is such that) ... <p> Sutra 24: its cause is Ignorance; <p> ... that is the residual longings of misconceived ideas.  Spiritual consciousness, coloured by the residual longings of misconceived notions, attains to the effectual condition of spiritual discrimination, and again returns (to its operations) with full-fledged powers. When however it ends in spiritual discrimination, then it attains its highest limit of effectiveness and having its office thus fulfilled it ceases to act; and hence devoid of perception, does not return to its operation, there being no cause of bondage.<p> A certain person (the Nihilist) jokes at emancipation through the example of an impotent husband:--'The impotent person being exhorted by his young wife in this manner-- My dear, my sister has children, wherefore have I not got any?--replies to her thus: when I am dead, then will I produce children for thee. In the same manner the knowledge when present not accomplishing the suppression of the mind, what hope is there of its accomplishing it when it itself will have been destroyed?' In reply to this a certain sect of the masters (of our Science): The suppression of the consciousness itself constitutes emancipation, the aaid suppression resulting from the absence of the cause of non-perception,--this non-perception, the cause of bondage, disappearing on (right) perception.'<p> Thus then it is the suppression of the mind that constitutes emancipation; and as such, wherefore this inopportune mental aberration (of the Nihilist.)<p><em>(The aphorism decides in favour of the fourth of the eight alternatives discussed with the last aphorism.)</em>",
"25. That which is to be warded off is pain, the cause of which has been declared to be Conjunction together with its causes.  Now it remains to describe the process of avoidance.<p> Sutra 25: From its absence, there is absence of conjunction, (which is) avoidance; and that is the Isolation of the spectator.<p> From the absence of non-perception, there is absence of the conjunction of the spirit and spiritul consciousness,-- that is to say, the absolute cessation of bondage.  This is 'avoidance,' and 'it is the isolation or the spectator' --that is, the non-mixture of the spirit, the non-conjunction with the attributes. On the disappearance of the cause of pain, there is cessation of pain which is (its) avoidance; and after this, the spirit abides in his own form.",
"26. Now, what is the means of getting at this avoidance?<p> Sutra 26: Undisturbed discriminative knowledge is the means of avoidance.<p> Discriminative knowledge is the recognition of the difference between the Spirit and the Attributes. And this knowledge becomes disturbed by the non-cessation of false knowledge. When however this false knowledge has its seeding faculty burnt up, and as such ceases to procreate, then flows the lucid current of the discriminative knowledge belonging to Goodness (sattva), free from tbe impurities of pain, and abiding in supreme wisdom, the high pedestal of Vasikaara Dispassion (vide above). And this undisturbed discriminative knowledge is the cause of avoidance, whence follows the burning up of the seeding faculty of false knowledge, which thus ceases to procreate. This is the highway of Emancipation, the means of the avoidance (of pain).",
"27. Sutra 27: For him the consciousness to the utmost stage is seven-fold.<p> 'For him' refers to one who has discriminative knowledge. 'Seven-fold'--On the removal of the enveloping impurities Buddhi, no further cognition being brought about,--the consciousness of the vise one becomes only seven-fold.  These grades are: (1) The avoidable has been known, there is nothing more of it to be known; (2) the causes of the avoidable (pain) have been attenuated, there is nothing more of them to be attenuated; (3) the avoidance has been directly perceived by means of suppressive meditation; (4) the means of avoidance in the shape of discriminative knowledge has been accomplished. Such is the four-fold effected end of consciousness. The end of mind again is threefold : (1) The office of spiritual consciousness has been fulfilled; (2) the attributes devoid of rest like stones fallen from the mountain-top, turned towards dissolution into their cause, disappear together therewith; and of these dissolved ones there is no more production, for want of any purpose--(3) in this state, the spirit, outgrowing aIl attributive connection, pure and shining in his own pristine form, becomes isolated.<p> The spirit, witnessing this seven-fold consciousness, to its utmost stage, is called 'Adept.' And even on the retrograde procreation of the mind, be is emancipated and becomes 'adept,' because of his having gone beyond the range of the attributes.",
"28. Discriminative knowledge becomes the means to avoidance, only when fully accomplished; and since this accomplishment is not possible without some means, therefore now commences the consideration of sach means.<p> Sutra 28: On the decay of impurity through the practice of the accessories of yoga, there is an enlightenment of consciousness, till discriminative knowledge is accomplished.<p> 'Accessories of yogas': the eight, about to be described; through the practice or these, results the decay of impurity in the shape of the five-fold misconception; and on this decay, results the manifestation of right knowledge.  As the accessories come to be practised, the impurity becomes gradually attenuated; and as this decay, so is the increase of the brightness of consciousness, dependent upon the order of the decay; and this brightness goes on gradually increasing 'till discriminative knowledge results'--that is to say till the recognition of the nature of the Spirit and the Attributes.<p> The practice of the accessories of Yoga is the cause of the disjunction of impurity, as the axe is of the (disjunction of the) object cut; and it is the cause of the attainment of discriminative knowledge, as virtue is of pleasure; and in no way can it be a cause. How many are these causes said to be in science? They are nine--e.g.  (l) Utpattikarana the originative (2) Sthitikarana (fixitive), (3) abhivyaktikarana (manifestive), (4) vikarakarana (modificatory), (5) Pratyayakarana (cognitive), (6) Viyogakarana (disjunctive), (8) Anyatvakarana (Differentiative), and (9) Dhritikarana (up-holding). To exemplify severally--(1) the mind of consciousness; (2) the soul's purpose of the mind, and food of the body; (3) light and the consciousness thereof, of form or colour; (4) other objects, of the mind, and fire of the food to be cooked; (5) the knowledge of smoke, of the knowldge of fire; (6) the practice of yogic accessories, of discriminative knowledge; (7) the same practice, of impurity; (8) the goldsmith of the gold; and similarly of a single mental function [vritti (feminine)], Ignorance is the cause of its stupefaction; aversion of its painfulness, desire of its pleasurableness, true knowlelge of its impartiality; (9) the bodu of the sense-organs, and vice versa, the great elements of the bodies, and these latter of one another,--the animal, the human and the divine bodies upholding one another.  These are the nine causes. As occasion presents itelf, these are to be applied to other objects also. But the causal efficiency of the practice of the accessories of yoga is only two-fold (i.e., the disjunctive and the procuring, as mentioned above before the enunciation of the forms of causality).",
"29. The accessories of yoga are next described:<p> Sutra 29: Restraint (or Forbearance), Observance, Posture, Regulation of Breath, Abstraction, Concentration, Contemplation, and Meditation--are the eight accessories.<p> We shall now describe in due order, the form and practice of these.",
"30. Sutra 30: Forbearance consists in harmlessness, truth, abstinence from theft, continence and freedom from avarice.<p> Of these 'harmelessness' is in no way and at no time wishing ill to any living being. The following restraints and obervances have all of them abstinence for their root, and being included in its accomplishment, are performed only for the proper performance thereof;-- they are practised only in order to clarify the aforesaid abstinence. It has been thus declared: 'As the Brahmana performs many penances, so does he become alienated from the cause of harm to others and thus brings about the same harmlessness duly clarified.'<p> 'Truth--consists in word and mind corresponding to facts--that is word and mind both tallying with objects as see, inferred or heard (from authentic sources). A word is spoken for the transference of one's thought to another, and as such if it is not deceptive or mistaken, or devoid of comprehension (unable to be comprehended by the listener), (then it is true); it is so only when it is used for the good of others, and not for their evil. If being spoken as such (as a truth) it leads to the injury of others, then it would not be truth; it would be a sin; and by this semblance of virtue (the agent) would suffer endless trouble. Therefore one ought to tell the truth with a due consideration of the good of aIl beings.<p> Theft consists in the acceptance of objects from others, in a manner contrary to the prescribed forms (of gift). The abstinence from this in the shape of absence of desire therefore, is 'Asteya'.<p> 'Continence'--the control of the secret generative organs.<p> 'Freedom from avarice' consists in the non-acceptance of any objects, on account or a due sense of the discrepancies therein, in the shape of trouble attendant upon its acquirement, protection, waste or consumption, attachment, and malevolence (towards other competitors).",
"31.  These, however, are--<p>Sutra 31: the Great Penance, when in all stages, the above are not conditioned by (are irrespective of) class, place, time and convention.<p> Of these, harmlessness conditioned (or limited) by class--the killing of fish, and nothing else, by fishermen (which is wrongly tolerated by people). Conditioned by place--as 'I will not kill in a sacred place'; conditioned by time-- 'I will not kill on the 14th day of the fortnight or on other sacred day'; and lastly the harmlessness conditioned by convention, [belonging to one who is above the three kinds of 'slaughter' just mentioned],--as 'I shall kill (animals) for the sake of the gods and the Brahmanas, and not otherwise'; or again killing is allowable for the warrior caste, in battle, and nowhere else. Harmlessness and the rest, not conditioned by these--class, place, time and convention--are to be always practised, in aIl stages--i.e., with regard to all objects; and this being free from any sort or retriction, they are called the Great Penance, belonging to all stages.",
"32. Sutra 32: The observances are--purification, contentment, penance, study and devotion to tho Lord.<p> Of these, 'purification' the external, consists in the removal of impure objects by means of clay and water etc., and the internal, in the removal of the impurities of the mind. 'Contentment'--the absence of any deire for acquiring things other than those that are near at hand. 'Penance'-- the bearing of the pair of opposites,--such as hunger and thirst, heat and cold, sitting and standing, complete and formal silence (the former consisting in not expressing one's ideas even by gestures, and the latter in mere absence of articulate speech); and the penances proper, are the Krichhra, the Chandrayana etc., 'Study'--the study of the sciences dealing with emancipation, or the repetition of the Pranava.  'Devotion to the Lord'--the offering of all actions to the supreme and venerable. 'Seated on the bed or wandering on the road, if he is calm on having his doubts and misgivings removed, and looking upon the destruction of the seed of metempsychosis,--such a one would be the eternally emancipated, the experiencer of the joys of immortality.' In this connection it has been declared: 'Thence the right knowledge of the retrogade sentience, and the removal of obstacles' (Sutra 1.29)",
"33. Of these, when Restraints and Penances--<p> Sutra 33: ... are obstructed by questionables, the constant pondering of the opposites (is necessary).<p> When the Brahmana is obsessed by the questionables,-- harmlessness and the rest (to be described in the next aphorism),--such as 'I will kill my malefactor,' 'I shall tell an untruth,' 'I shall take hold of his property.' 'I will be vulgar with his wife,' 'I will be master of his holdings,'-- he becomes obstructed by the glaring fever of questionables leading to evil ways, the neophyte is to ponder over the opposites thereof--i.e., he should think thus: Boiled in the terrific fire of metempsychosis I have taken refuge in the virtues of yoga, through charity and love towards all beings; so if I revert to the questionable paths after having once given them up, then I would be acting like a miserable cur--reverting to the relinquished, just as the dog licks up the vomitted food. The same process is to be applied to the other aphorisms as well (i.e., those treating of purification and the rest).",
"34. Sutra 34: The questionables are slaughter (harmfulness) and the rest; (and whether these are) done, caused to be done, or approved of (abetted); (whether) preceded by (caused by) covetousness, anger or delusion; (whether) slight, moderate or excessive,-- they (always) have pain and ignorance for their endless fruits--thus is the pondering upon (their) opposites.<p> Slaughter is three-fold, being either done, caused to be done, or abetted,-- each of these again is three-fold: (l) caused by covetousness i.e, for the sake of the flesh or the skin; (2) by anger--i.e., thinking the object to be one's injuror; (3) by delusion--thinking that virtue will result therefrom (as the slaughter in sacrifices). Covetousness anger and delusion too are three fold: being slight, moderate or excessive. Thus there are 27 forms of slaughter. The slight etc., again are each threefold: the slight, the moderate-slight, and the excessive-slight; and again the slight-moderate, the moderate-moderate, the excessive-moderate; and lastly the slight-excessive, the moderate-excessive and the excessive-excessive. Thus slaughter becomes, eightyone-fold.  Again in accordance with decision, doubt and collectivity (1) when it is decided that fish is to be killed (2) when it is doubtful whether the fish or the goat is to be killed; and (3) when both of them are to be killed, it becomes innumerable, because of the innumerability of living beings. The same divisions are to be applied to untruth and the rest also.<p> 'These questionables have pain and igncnnce for their endless fruits'--thus is to be the pondering upon their opposites--e.g., the killer first of all cripples the powers of the animal to be slaughtered (by binding it fast to some pole then gives it pain by letting fall some weapon, and then deprives it of its life even. Then from crippling of its power results the crippling of the powers of the killer's accoutrements (or accessories), both animate (wife etc.) and inanimate (bed, food etc.); from the animals pain results his own misery in hell, and daring future brute existence (the necessary conseqnence of slaughter); and the loss of life leads to his continuous existence on the brink of death (on account of some incurable disease) (during which state), though wishing to be dead, he still breathes, on account of there being a fixed time for fruition of pain (as death would save him). <p> Editor: from 1934 edition<p> This same process should, as far as possible, be applied to Untruthfulness and other Counter-intents also.<p> By pondering over these undesirable results as following from all the counter-intents, the man should never allow his mind to be turned towards these counter-intents. Thus from the cause, in the shape of the pondering of their antitheses, follows the effect that the counter-intents become discarded.", 
"35. Editor: from 1934 edition<p> When for the Yogin, these counter-intents have become unproductive (by being discarded), then there accrues to him, (from the due practices of the Restraints and Observances) a certain power, which is indicative of his success. For example--<p> Sutra 35. When Benevolence becomes confirmed, there is suspension of hostility near him.<p> All living beings give up all hostility.",
"36.  Editor: from 1934 edition<p> Sutra 36: When Truthfulness becomes confirmed, he becomes the bestower of rewards for actions.<p> When a Yogin says to a man 'Be righteous,' the man actually becomes righteous; if he says to him 'may you attain Heaven,' the man actually attains Heaven. In fact, the Yogin's word becomes infallible.",
"37. Editor: from 1934 edition<p> Sutra 37: When Abstinence from Misappropriation becomes confirmed, all jewels come to him.<p> Jewels existing all over the world, in all quarters, come to the Yogin.",
"38. Sutra 38: Continence being confirmed, the attainment of vigour.<p> By the attainment of this, the Yogi raises to perfection the irrepressible qualities (the powers); and becoming perfected he is able to infuse wisdom into his disciples.",
"39. Sutra 39: Non-covetousness being confirmed, knowledge of the how and wherefore of births.<p> Supply 'accrue to him.' 'Who was I? How was I? What is this (birth)? How is this? What shall I be? How shall I be?'--Such longings after knowing all about his past, present, and future births, become by themselves satisfied.",
"40. Now we speak with regard to the Observances.<p> Sutra 40: From purity, for one's own body and non-intercourse with others.<p> Being disgusted with his body the Yogi begins purifications; but finding the body to be full of discrepancies, he loses all attachment thereto, and thus becomes 'self-controlled' (Yati). And further (there is) 'non-intercourse with others'--looking upon the nature of the body, and desiring to give up his own body on account of not finding it purified even on being washed with clay and water,--how can such a one have intercourse with the extremely dirty bodies of others?",
"41. And also<p>Sutra 41: Purity, complacency, concentration, subjugation of the senses, and fitness for communion with the Spirit--(all accruing) to the thinking principle (Lit. Goodness).<p> From purification results the purity of the thinking principle (mind), thence its complacency, thence its concentration, thence its subjugation of the senses, and finally its fitness for spiritual communion,--all these result from the confirmation of purity.",
"42. Sutra 42: From contentment, superlative felicity.<p> As has been declared: 'Whatever constitutes the desirable pleasure in this world, and whatever great pleasure there is in heaven,--all these do not compare with the sixteenth part of the felicity attendant upon the suppression of desires.'",
"43. Sutra 43: From penance, after the decay of impurities, the occult powers of the body and the senses.<p> As soon as penance is accomplished, it destroys the enveloping impurity; and from the removal of this enveloping impurity result the occult powers of the body (Buoyancy and the rest) and of the senses (hearing and seeing at great distances etc.)",
"44. Sutra 44: From study, communion with the desired deity.<p> To one given to study, the Gods, the sages and the perfections, all become perceptible, and are ready for his actions.",
"45. Sutra 45: From devotion to the Lord, the accomplishment of meditation.<p> Meditation is accomplishd for who has offered up all his connections with the Lord; and by this accomplishment, he rightly knows all that is good for him, in other places, in other bodies and at other time; thence his consciousness perceives all things rightly.",
"46. Restraints and observances, together with the attendant powers, have been described; we now speak of Posture of the rest.<p> Sutra 46: Posture is that which is steady and easy.<p> And there are: the (1) Padmasana (lotus) (2) Veerasana (heroic), (3) Bhadrasana (decent), (4) Svastikasana (like the mystic sign) (5) Dandasana (staff) (6) Sopashrayasana (supported) (7) Paryankasana (bedstead) (8) Krauncha-nishadasana (seated heron), (9) Hastanishadasana (seated elephant), (10) Ushtranishadasana (seated camel), (Il) Samasansthanasana (evenly balanced), (12) Sthirasukhasana (the steady and pleasant) i.e., in accordance with one's pleasure, and so forth.",
"47. Sutra 47: By slackening of effort, and the contemplation of the infinite.<p>Supply--'it (posture) is accomplished.' On the cessation of effort, posture is accomplished; and there is no quivering of the body. Or, the mind contemplating on the Infinite accomplishes Posture.", 
"48. Sutra 48: Thence, Non-Embarrassment by the pairs (of opposites).<p> By the accomplishment posture, the Yogi is not embarrassed by the pairs of opposites--such as heat and cold etc.", 
"49. Sutra 49: Thereupon, the Regulation of Breath,-- the controlling of the course of inspiration and expiration.<p> By the accomplishment posture, results the Regulation of Breath, which consists in the interruption (stoppage) in the course of inspiration (the inhaling and expiration (the exhaling of the inhaled air).",
"50. And that again<p>Sutra 50: is an external, internal or stationary function,--regulated by place, time and number,-- protracted or subtile (long or short).<p> The interruption, preceded by expiration, is external; and that again, preceded by in inspiration, is internal; the absence of both is the third, the stationary function, attainable by a single effort; just as a drop of water placed on a heated stone-slab, becomes shrivelled from all sides, so is the absence of the two (inspiration and expiration).  All these three are 'regulated by place',--'This particular place is its object'; 'regulated by time'--as characterised by the measures of time; 'regulated of number'--the first stroke is to consist of so many inspirations and expiration; in the same manner the second stroke of the overpowered (breath) is to consist of so many; in the same manner the third, the slight, so the moderate, so the excessive,--such is the regulation by number. And this regulation of Breath when practised, is protracted or subtile (long or short).",
"51. Sutra 51: The fourth is dependent on the recognition of the outer and inner spheres.<p> The 'outer sphere' regulated by place, time and number being passed over, so also the inner sphere regulated in the same manner, being passed over,--both being protracted as well as subtile--that which is preceded by these, and consists of the subjugation of the stages in the social stoppage of then two,--is the fourth kind of Regulation of Breath. The third is the interruption untouched by any object, no sooner began than regulated by place, time and number,--being protracted and subtile; and the fourth is the interruption preceded by the indication of the first two, brought forth by the subjugation of the stages, through the recognition of the objects of exhalation and inhalation; such is the difference between the 3rd and 4th (the third is not preceded by the cognition or any object, and is brought about by a single effort, whereas the fourth is preceded by the recognition of objects and is only amenable to long continued effort).",
"52. Sutra 52: Then is destroyed the envelope of light.<p> Of the Yogi practising the regulation of breath, the action enveloping right kuowldge is destroyed. This is thus described--'The net of great delusion enveloping the illuminative goodness, turns it towards evil deeds.' This light-enveloping and birth-causing action of the Yogi is attenuated by the practice of the regulation of breath, and is decaying every moment. As has been declared: 'There is no penance above the regulation of breath; beause there-from results the removal of impurities and the illumination of knowledge.'",
"53. And also,<p>Sutra 53: the fitness of the mind for concentration.<p> This also results from regulation of breath alone, in accordance with the aphorism: 'Or by the expulsion and retention of breath'(Aph. 1.34)",
"54. Now what is Abstraction?<p>Sutra 54: Abstraction is the assumption, as it were, by the senses of the original nature of the mind, from want of application to their (respective) objects.<p> On the absence of application to their respective objects, results the 'assumption, as it were, of the original nature of the mind'--that is to say, on the suppression of the mind, the senses also becoming suppressed, do not stand in need of any other means, like the control of other senses (i.e., one sense being suppressed by a certain means, the subjugation of other senses stands in need of other means;) but on the suppression of the mind, that of the senses follows directly. Just as the bees fly along with the chief of the black bees, and rest after he has rested, so on the suppression of the mind, the senses become subjugated--and this constitutes Abstraction.",
"55. Sutra 55: Thence the complete subjugation of the senses.<p> 'The subjugation of the senses consists in the non-hankering after the various sensuous objects, sound and the rest'--so say some. Hankering is attachment, that which alienates the agent from his advancement. The applications not contradictory (to scripture) is allowable (so this application, free from any that is contradictory to the scripture, constitutes subjugation, according to others). The optional communion with objects (is subjugation)--say others. (That is, the senses turning towards and touching objects only when desired by the agent). Others again assert the subjugation of the senses to consist in perception of sound and the rest, free from pleasure and pain, through the absence of attachment and aversion. It is total non-perception (absence of sensation) due to concentration--says Jaigishavya. Thence (from abstraction) follows this highest form or subjugation-- viz., suppression of the mind, the senses being subjugated it does not, as in the case of subjugation of the senses, stand in need of any other means due to any effort of the Yogi."
],[
"1. The five outer means having been described, the author now proceeds to explain Concentration.<p> Sutra 1: Concentration is the fixing of the mind to a certain Iocality.<p> It is the fixing of the mind solely through its function, on the navel, the lotus of the heart, the light in the brain, the tip of the nose, and the tip of the tongue etc., or on external objects.",
"2. Sutra 2: Contemplation consists in the uninterrupted current of cognition thereof. <p> i.e., the uniform flow in that place (mentioned in the previous aphorism) of the cognition reposing in the object contemplated. That is to say, contemplation is untouched by any other cognition.", 
"3. Sutras 3: The same, enlightening the object alone, and devoid of its own identity as it were, is Meditation.  When Contemplation is is conscious of the form of the object, and appears as if devoid of its own character of consciousness, then on account of its being infused with the character of the contemplated object, it becomes meditation.",
"4. These three Concentration, Contemplation and Meditation together constitute Samyama:<p> Sutra 4: The three together constitute Samyama.<p> The three means having a single object, are called Samyama, which thus is the technical name for the three taken collectively.",
"5. Sutra 5: From success therein results the lucidity of consciousness.<p> By mastering Samyama, results the lucidity of meditative consciousness. As Samyama becomes established so does meditative consciousness become lucid.",
"6. Sutra 6: It is applied by stages.<p> Samyama is applied to another stage only when it has mastered the preceding one. Samyama can never attain to the final (highest) stage, by jumping over the intermediate stages, without conquering these latter. (The condition of the perceived object being the lowest stage, that of the organ of perception the intermediate stage, and that of the perceiver, the final stage). And without its attaining to the highest stage, whence the lucidity of consciousness? For one who has through divine favour conquered the following stages, it is not necessary to practise Samyama with regard to the preceding ones. Why? Because the objects of this latter will have already been cognised through the former.  In the knowledge of the order of the stages--that this stage preceded that--yoga is the only guide. Why? Because it has been declared: 'Yoga is to be recognised by yoga; from yoga does yoga proceed; one who is not confused by yoga, he ever delights in yoga.'",
"7. Sutra 7: The three are more intimate (directly effective) than the former ones.  The three--Concentration, Contemplation and Meditation--are more directly effective in accomplishing concrete meditation, than the former ones, Restraint and the rest.",
"8. Sutra 8: It is still foreign to the seedless. (Abstract).<p> The preceding intimate triad of means is foreign to the seedless (abstract) meditation; Why? Because Abstract meditation appears only when the three are absent.",
"9. Sutra 9: Suppressive (or interceptive) modification is the conjunction of the mind with the moment of suppression, on the overthrow and prevalence of the distractive (waking) aud suppressive impressions (respectively).<p> The distractive impressions being the properties (material effects) of the mind, are not identical with cognition, and as such are not suppressed by the suppression of the cognition (in fact, they always outlive the cognitions of which they are the impressions; it is only the material cause whose suppression causes that of the effect also); the suppressive impressions also are properties of the mind; --the (respective) 'overthrow and prevalence' of these--i.e., when the distractive impressions are vesting, and the suppressive impressions also are gaining ground, then the moment of suppression conjoins with the mind. Thus the constant change or impressions, occurring in the mind is suppressive modification.  And then the mind has only the impressions left behind,--as has been explained under suppressive (abstract) Meditation (1.18).",
"10. Sutra 10: Its flow becomes tranquil from residual habit.<p> From suppressive residua results the tranquil flow of the mind, which depends on the expertness in the practice of suppressive residua. When those residua become dulled, the residua having suppression for their property are over-thrown by those whose property is distraction.",
"11. Sutra 11: The destruction and enlivenment (respectively) of the multi-functionality and concentration of the mind is (its) meditative modification.<p> Multi-functionality is property of the mind, and so is Concentration; the meaning is that there is destruction or decay of multifunctionality and enlivenment or rise of Concentration; both of these are correlated to the mind which holds them as its properties. Thus this mind, correlated to its co-natural (or identical) properties,--the aforesaid decay and rise,--becomes collected or pacified; and this is its meditative modification.",
"12. Sutra 12: Then again, the concentrative modification of the mind is that in which both the repressed and the revived are equally recognised. <p> Of one whose mind is pacified, the foregoing cognition is the repressed, and the following one similar thereto is the revived; and the meditative mind, correlated to the two is the same (i.e., collected or concentrated). This is the concentrative modification of the mind to which the cognitions are related as its properties.",
"13. Sutra 13: This also explains the modifications of property, time and condition, in the elementary substances and sense-organs. <p> This--i.e., the aforesaid modifications of the mind--explains the modifications in the elementary substances and the sense-organs,--of property, time and condition.<p> Of these the 'modification of property' consists in the repression and rise of the distractive and suppressive properties in the object haviug those properties (i.e., in their respective causes).<p> The 'modification of time' is the suppression of its three-fold character--i.e., characterised by the three limitations (of time). This suppression, first of relinquishing the limitation of futurity, and not passing over its property-ness, becomes conjoined with the limitation of the present, wherein it becomes manifested in its true colour. This is its second limitation; nor is this disjointed from the limitation of the past and future. Similarly, distraction (the waking state), of threefold character--i.e., characterized by the three limitations (of time),-- relinquishing the limitation of the present, and not passing over its property-ness, becomes conjoined with the limitation of the past;--this is its third limitation; nor is tbis disjointed from the limitations of the present and the future. Similarly again, distraction becoming accomplished, and (thereby) relinquishiug its limitation of futurity, and not passing over its property-ness becomes related to the limitation of the present, wherein its manifesting in its true colours, begins its operations.  This is its second limitation; nor does it get free from 'be limitation. of the past and the future. So again suppression, and also distraction.<p> In the same manner, the 'modification of condition'-- (is that) wherein, during the moments of suppression, the suppressive residua are strengthened, and the distractive residua are weakened. This is the modification of the condition or the properties. <p> Among these, the modification of the object having the properties, is by means of these properties; that of the properties is by means of the limitations; and lastly that of the limitations by means of the conditions. <p> Thus the function of the attributes does not even for a moment exist without the modifications of property, time and condition (i.e., it is constantly producing modifications); because the function of the attributes is ever mobile; and the cause of operation has been said to be the subordinate character of the attributes.<p> Thus in the elementary substances and the sense-organs, owing to the distinction between the property and the object having it, there are three kinds of modifications. In reality however, the modification is one only. Because the property is is only a form of the object possessing it; and as such the above is only the consideration of certain modificatious of the object, through the properties (i.e., through the modifications of the properties). Hence, during the past, present and future states, what becomes of the property present in the object (which holds it) is only a change in its position (form), and not any change of the (constituent) matter.  As for example, to a golden vessel on being broken, and made to undergo a change, the only change that happens is that of form, and not that of the gold itself.<p> Says another (the Banddha holding the complete identity of the property and the object possessing it): 'The object is nothing more than the property, in as much as it does not go beyond the former material; for if the object continued its existence through the various modifications (of the property), then it would in reality become unchangeable.'<p> (To this we make the following reply:)--There is no harm in this. Why? Because, we do not assert its absoluteness.  Thus all the three worlds recede from manifestation (i.e., recede from present activity become the past), simply because of the denial of the (unchangeable) eternity (of mundane objects). And though receded (become past), still it exists, because of denial of its destruction; its minuteness is doe to its correlation (i.e., resolution into its cause); and from its minuteness results imperceptibility. The property, having the modification of time, existing in the various limitations (lakshana, of time), becoming past, and thus becoming conjoined with the limitation of the past, is not disjoined from the limitations of the present and the future; similarly the future, joined to the limitation of the future, is not disjoined from those of the past and present; and lastly the present, joined to the limitation of the present, is not disjoined from those of the past and the future.  (That is to say every individual limitation is accompanied by the other two.) Just as, because a man is attached to a certain woman, it does not follow that he has an aversion for other women.<p> Here, in the modification of time (limitation), aIl the limitations occuring together, there would result an admixture of limitations. If this is urged as an objection, then we make the following reply: The character of the property having been established, we have to describe its different limitations; for certainly its special character belongs to the property not only at the present time, (but it has the same character even in the past and the future). For otherwise the mind would not have attachment for its property, because attachment does not exist when there is anger. And further, the simultaueoas relation of any individual with the three limitations, is not possible; by degrees however there is the manifestation of it, by means of its manifesting cause. As has been declared: 'The excessive manifestation, of forms and those of functions are opposed to one another, but the genuine ones act in consort with the excessive manifestations' (vide this quotation under 2.15). Therefore, there no admixture (as has been urged by the objector).<p> As from the activity of attachment with regard to a certain object, it is not inferred that it does not exist anywhere else,--the fact being that it is related to the latter too, in a general way,--so the same is the case with limitation (lakshana): It is the proprty, and not the object possessing the property, that has the three limitations: The properties, manifested (present) as well as well as unmanifested, (past and future), attaining to the various conditions (of weakness, strength and the like), are said to have been changed--but this change is only in (condition), not in natter. Just as a single line in the place of hundreds, becomes hundred, in the place of tens a ten, and in the place of units a unit; and again, as a single woman is called mother, daughter and mother-in-law (according to circumstances, the woman remainiug the same).<p> Against the theory of the 'modification of conditions,' some people have raised the objection that in that case there would be an unchangeable eternality (ror objects and their properties); because, a property is said to be in the future when, being from the range of the activity of the limitation, it does not out its own operations; when it carries on its operations, it is said to be in the present, and lastly, when it has ceased after having operated, it is to be in the past.-- And thus we find that the limitations and the conditions of the properties and the objects having them are unchangeably eternal. This is the objection urged.<p> (We reply): This is not a sound objection; because though the object having an attribute is eternal, yet there is quite a variety of the forms of the sappression (or over-throw) of the attributes themselves; just as the destructible (suppressible), agglomeration (earth and the rest) is a mere property of the indestructible (irrepressible) sound, odour etc. (rudimentary elements); similarly the repressible mergent (Linga, the Buddhi) is a mere property of the irrepressible (Attributes) Goodness and the rest. Thus their modification is attributed to these (i.e., the properties Buddhi, Earth etc.).  Here we have the following instance: The object clay, acquiring a property other than that of a lump, becomes modified by the property, into the form of a jar; and this form of the jar, relinquishing the future limitation, attains to the present one, and thus becomes modified by limitation; and lastly, the jar momentarily becoming new and old, acquires the modification of condition. The change of the properties of an object is a condition; and the change in the limitation of the property is also a condition; thus the change in matter is only one (i.e., the modification of condition); but this has been shown in its various divisions (i.e., though there is in fact only one modification, that of condition, still the other two--that of property and limitation have been explained separately, though really being the only particular forms of that of condition alone). The same consideration is to be applied to all other objects.<p> All these modifications of property and limitation and condition never outgrowing the form of the object, the modification is one alone, and this includes all the other particular ones.<p> Now what do you mean by 'modification'? Modification consists in the appearance of fresh properties for a certain object, following on the cessation (or reppression) of the former ones.", 
"14. Among these--<p> Sutra 14: The subject is that which is correlated to the properties of tranquility, activity, and latency (indescribability).<p> The property is only the faculty of the subject, characterised by capability; and its existence being inferred from the variety of its effects, it is found to be manifold with regard to the one subject.<p> Of these the present (active) property, its own activity, becomes differentiated from the other properties,--the tranquil (past) and the latent (future) ones. When however it is correlated only in a general form, then consisting merely of the form of the subject, wherefrom should it differentiate?  Thus the properties of the subject are three--the tranquil, the active and the latent. Of these the tranquil are those that have receded after having done their work; those that are operating are the active; both of these precede the future; the past precedes the present. Wherefore are not the present one to precede the ones? Because among these two there is no order of precedence; as the order or precedence that we find between and past the future is not found in the case of the past with regard to the present. Therefore there is nothing that precedes the past. For this resson the future precedes the present (this in accordance with the theory of the continued existence of the effect latent in the cause, before its manifestation).<p> Now which are the latent ones? (Reply) Everything having the character of everything. With regard to this it is declared: 'Among the immovable objects we find universality of the effects in the form of the different tates, belonging to Water and Earth; similarly of the immovables with regard to the movable, and vice versa'. Thus the genes not being suppressed (or else the various effects would not be reognised), everything has the nature of everything.  Though this is so, yet their manifestation is not simultaneous, because of the manifestation being conditioned by place, time, and form. That which is correlated to these manifested and unmanifested properties, and which has both the general (belonging to the subject) and the special character (of the property),--such a correlative is the subject. One (the Yogachara) however who asserts the property to be unconnected (with anything else, because he denies the existence of any subject other than the properties of cognition and the like), for him there would be no exprience. Why? Because the actions performed by a certain idea (or cognition) can not transfer its effect to the other idea (for according to these theorists there is nothing except ideas, and these are momentary); and again there could be no memory of the action; for an object seen by one (idea) cannot be remembered by another. Because of the recognition of objects (previously perceived), there mast be a subject correlative (to the various modifications of the object), which is recognised the same, after its properties have undergone a change. Therefore it cannot be rightly held that all that exists is mere unconnected property.", 
"15. Sutra 15: The change of order is the cause of versatility (or changeableness) of modifications.<p> 'The modification of one subject should be one only'--this being urged, (we reply) that the change order can be the cause of the versatility of the modifications.  As for instance, the proper order is--dust of clay, lump of clay, the jar-clay, the clay of the broken jar, and the clay of the small pieces. The proper order is the mention of the following property next to the one that precedes it--e.g., the luml disappearing, the jar appears--such is the order of the modification of property. The order of the modification of limitation--as the present state of the jar after its future, the past state of the lump after its present; as for the past, there is no order because when there is succession, then only can there be an order; but there is no succession of the past; therefore there is order only of the first two limitations (the present and the future). Similarly the order of the modification of condition--e.g.,--the oldness of the jar after its newness; and this oldness being manifested by the order of the series of moments, attains to final manifestation. This is the third modification, above those of the property and its limitation.<p> These various orders, acquiring their form on the differentiation of the subject and the property,--certain properties also become subjects with reference to certain other properties.  When however there is the idea of identity (of the property) in the subject,--and thus that property being mentioned thereby (i.e., by naming the subject),--then the order appears to be one only. Of the mind, the properties are two-fold-- the perceived and the unperceived; of these the fortner are the cognitions, and the latter, the objects themselves.  These, having their objective character got at by means of inference are seven: (l) suppression (the state of absolute meditation inferred from the disappearance of all resideua), (2) Virtue (and vice, inferred from the resulting pleasure and pain), (3) Residual Impressions (inferred from memory), (4) Modification (inferred from the mobility of the attributes), (5) Life (the effort to live inferred from breathing), (6) Movements (action inferred from the activity of the various senses), and (7) Capability or Power (the latent condition of the effects, existing in their causes),--these are the seven properties of the mind, devoid of perception.",
"16. Henceforward begins the consideration of the objects of samyama, for the accomplishment of thhe ends of the yogi equipped with all the accessories. <p> Sutra 16: The knowledge of the past and future (is acquired) through samyama over the three modifications.<p> From samyama over the modifications of property, time and condition, accrues to the yogi the knowledge of the past and the future. Samyama has been defined as consisting in concentration, contemplation and meditation taken together. Hence the three modifications being perceived, the yogi accomplishes the knowledge of the past and future related thereto.",
"17. Sutra 17: The word, the object denoted by it and its idea are commingled with one another, on account of their being mistaken for one another; hence by samyama over the distinct provinces of each of these, (arises) the comprehension of the cry of aIl creatures.<p> The organ of speech has its purpose solely with the letter pronounced; the organ of hearing has the modification of sound for its object; and the word finally is perceptible through the apprehension of the letters taken collectively.  The letters, not coming in simultaneously, and hence not aided by one another, do not affect the word; and as such not giving rise to (any idea), but each of them appearing and disappearing by turns--are severally said to be incapable of forming the word. Every one of the letters, forming a word, --capable of a host of denotations (when taken severally), yet when correlated with the accompanying letters, and hence becoming manifold, become so placed that each of them is confined to the particular word by the other [i.e., the single letter ga has the capability of denoting gau, gaNa, gaura etc., so long as it is taken by itself; but as soon as the letter ga is joined with the letters au etc., it becomes manifold; and each of the two letters serves to confine the other to the particular word in question. Thus (we see that) the various letters, depending on the order of succession become characterised by the convention of meaning, and though capable of all sorts of denotations, yet becoming subordinated to the ga and the au, denote the particular object with the dewlap etc. (i.e. the cow). Thus the cognition of the unity of these,-- as characterised by conventional meaning, and having the order of utterance drawn together (i.e. considered collectively) --is said to be the denotative name for the object named.  Thus a single word,--being the object of a single cognition, being put forth by a single effort, devoid of any distinction (between the letters) (and hence also) of the order and of letters, belonging to consciousness, brought forth by the action of the last letter (as helped by the impressions left in the memory, of the preceding ones),--is cognised as a real entity by the popular mind correlated with the impressions of everlasting linguistic usage, by means of the letters, uttered with a view to expres the objects to others, and heard by the listener. And the disintegration of this word (into its letters) is due to the notion of convention,--(the popular idea being that) the denotator of the object is such and such a particular arrangement of so many letters.<p> Convention is a form of Remembrance consisting in the idea of the mutual identity between the word and what is denoted by it: that convention is of this form:--the word is the meaning and the meaning is the word (an idea of identity).<p> Thus then; these three--the word, the object denoted by it and the idea,--become commingled on account of being mistaken for another--'cow' the word, 'cow' the object, 'cow' the idea; and one who knows the distinction of these, knows everything. Every word has the force of sentence: the word 'tree' implies its existence; for certainly existence cannot be denied to any object. Similarly there is no action without the means; so the word 'cooks' implies all the agencies pertaining to it; the further mention of the agent, the object and the instrnmeuts (Chaitra, the rice and fire) being made only in order to specify these; and further we find single words used for sentences--the word 'srotriya' for 'studies the Vedas,' the word 'lives' for 'holds life.' In a sentence, there is an expression of the meanings of words, (thus there being the expression of the meaning of a sentence in a word, and that of the meaning of the word in a sentence, there is a confusion and) the word is to be broken up (into its constituent parts) and then explained as to which part of it expresses the verb, and which the nominative (as the word srotriya is broken up into 'one (nominative) who studies (verb) the Vedas (assusative).' Or otherwise, in the case of asvah (meaning by itself, both horse and thou breathest) and ajapayah (the milk of the she-goat, and also, thou has suppressed), there being a confusion of the name and the verb (as shown by the two meanings of each), how could these be explained either with regard to the verb (it it were taken as a name) or to the nominative (in case it were taken as a verb)? the distinct province of these word, meaning and idea--e.g., 'the house is whitening'--the word signifying the verb (sveta); and 'the house is white'--hear the word (sveta) signifies the noun (so much for the word); (secondly) its meaning is that consisting in the verb or in the noun; and (thirdly) the idea is that which apprehends the aforesaid meanings. Why? Because in convention the idea has only one form, being based on the identity of the signification-- 'this is that,'--the 'white object' being the object of the word as well as of the idea. [That is to say, in the above example the idea is that of the house in front being a white one, whatever may be the words in which the idea is expressed]. And this object under its modifications is accompanied neither by the word, nor by the idea. Similarly the word and the idea do not accompany each other. The consciousness of the distinct province of each being in the form--'the word is different from the meaning which again is different from the idea.'<p> From the Samyama over this distinction, accrues to the Yogi, the comprehension of the cry of all creatures.", 
"18. Sutra 18: By the mental presentation of the impressions, the knowledge of previous births.<p> Impressions are of two kinds...(l) Those in the form of the residual longings, the causes of memory and the afflictions, and (2) those in the form of virtue and vice, leading to fruition. Both of these kinds, accomplished in the former birth, are the properties of the mind, imperceptible, like modification, movement, suppression, power, life (the properties of the the mind spoken of above in 3.15). The Samyama over these is of rendering the impressions apparent; nor is such presentation possible without cognition of their time, place and cause (of the previous birth). Thus the knowledge of the previous birth accrues to the yogi through the mental presentation of the impressions. In the case of others too there is a similar knowledge of another's birth, following on the mental presentation of their impressions.  In connection with this we bave a story:--Discriminative knowledge accrued to the revered Jaigishavya, possessiug, through the mental presentation of the impressions, a knowledge of the orderly modification of his birth extending over ten Pralayic creations. The revered Avatya, thus spoke to him: 'Through ten Kalpic creations having your consciousness unrepressed, you must have come across the pains due to birth in a hellish or a brutish womb; and being born again and again among men and the gods, which of the two, pleasure and pain, did you find in greater amount?' Jaigishavya thus replied: 'I, having my consciousness unrepressed through ten cycles, and coming across the pain due to hellish and bestial births, and being born again and again among gods and men, whatever I experienced, all I think to be solely pain.' Says the revered Avatya, 'This unsurpassed pleasure of contentment consisting in mastery over Nature that thou hast...dost thou include this also under pain?' Replied the revered Jaigishavya: 'This pleasure of contentment is excellent as compared with sensuous pleasure; in comparison with isolation however, this also is pain. Because this pleasure of contentment is a property of Buddhi, and as such abounds in the three attributes; and all consciousness partaking of the three attributes, has been put under the bead of 'what should be avoided.' Then, contentment is said to be pleasure because the strings of desire being the nature of pain, removal of these, there is unrestricted pleasure.",
"19. Sutra 19: With reference to cognition, the knowledge of another's mind.<p> From the Sanyama over cognition--i.e. from the mental presentation of the cognition (of others), results the knowledge of other's minds.",
"20. Sutra 20: But not along with its object, that not being the object.<p> The Yogi knows the mind of another, as attached to something; but he does not know 'it is attached to that particnlar object.' Because that which is the object of another's mind, is not the object of the Yogi's mind; it is only another's cognition (or mind) that is made the object of the mind or the Yogi.",
"21. Sutra 21: From Samyama with reference to the shape of the body, its visibility being suspended, and thus its connection with occular light being severed,--there is disappearance.<p> From the Sanyana with regard to the shape of the body, the visibility of the shape becomes suppressed; and on this suspension, the connection of the body with the light of (other people's) eyes ceases; and thence results the disappearance of the Yogi. The disappearance of sound and the rest are to be explained in the same manner.",
"22. <em>Sutra 22: is not included as such, and 'the disappearance of sound and the rest are to be explained in the same manner' is considered as part of Vyasa's commentary of the previous verse</em>",
"23. Sutra 23: Karma is active and dormant; and by Samyama over this, results the knowledge of the end; as also by portents.<p> The Karma resulting in life of two kinds: the active and the dormant; the active is similar to a wet piece of cloth spread over the ground, which dries up in a very short time; whereas the dormant is like the same piece of cloth tied up in a bundle, drying up in a long time; or again, the active is like fire in dry straw helped by the wind, burning it completely in a very short time; and the dormant is similar to the same fir when placed in various parts of the heap of straw, burning it in a long time. In this way the Karma 'of one birth,' bringing about life, is of two kinds--the active and dormant.<p> By Samyama over these, results the knowledge of death.  'As also by portents'--portents are threefold; corporeal; elemental and celestial. Of these the 'corporeal' is that, for instance, when closing the ear one not hear the internal sounds (produced in the stomach by breathing), or when one does not see any light on closing the eyes. Similarly the 'elemental' is that when one beholds the attendants of the Death-god; or when one all on a sudden sees his dead forefathers; and the 'celestal' is that when one suddenly beholds the heaven, or the Perfect Ones, or anything contrary to the ordinary course of events (is a portent). By these portents too one knows his end to be near at hand.",
"24. Sutra 24: In friendliness and the rest, (superhuman) powers.  Friendliness, mercy, and complaisance are the three Emotions or (feelings). Of those, by the feeling of friendliness towards all happy creatures, one acqaires the power of friendliness. By feeling mercy for the distressed creatures he acquires the power of mercy. And by feeling a complaisance towards the righteous, he acquires the power of complaisance.  The Samyama consisting in meditation (conlemplation and concentration) proceeding from these emotions, results in such powers as have their faculties unrepressed. With regard to vicious persons one has indifference, and not any feweling;-- thus in this case there is no meditation and as such no power proceeds from indifference, because of the absence of any Samyama with reference to this.",
"25. Sutra 25: In powers, the power of the Elephant and the like.<p> From Samyama over the power of the elephant, results elephantine power; from that over the power of Garuda a garuda-like power; and from that over the power of the air, the air-like power.",
"26. Sutra 26: From the application of the light of the (luminous) disposition, (results) the knowledge of the subtile, the intercepted and the remote.<p> The Extremely Luminous disposition of the mind has already been explained ( in 1.36). The yogi applying the light of this disposition (i.e., the inner light) to the subtile, intercepted or remote objects, acquires the knowledge of these (objects).",
"27. Sutra 27: From Samyama in the Sun, the knowledge of the worlds.<p> The details of this are as follows: There are seven worlds: From Avichi to the sumit of the Meru is the Earth. From the Meru to Dhruva (tbe Polar star) the Starry Region occupied by the planets, and stars.  Above that is the fivefold Celestial Region-- the Mahendra being the third of these, the fourth being the Prajapatya or Maharloka (the Luminous Region); the three-fold Brahma--the Janaloka (productive Region),  Tapoloka (Region of austerities) and the Satyaloka (the Region of Truth). These are thus described:-- 'The three-regioned Brahmaloka, then the gerat Prajapatyaloka, then the Mahendra Heaven, then the Sky with the stars, and lastly the Earth with the various creations.' Placed above the Avichi, are the six great Hellish Regions.  Mahakala, Ambarisha, Raurava, Mahsaurava, Kaleya Sutra, and Andhatamisra,--respectively placed in the Earth, Water, Fire, Air, Space, and Darkness; and in these are born several creatures with long leases of life therein, and who have acquired the experience of pain by their own deeds.  Under these are the seven Nether Worlds: Mahatala, Rasatala, Atala, Sutala, Vitala, Talatala, and Patala. This our Earth consisting of the seven continents, is the eighth:- in the centre of which is the Land of the Mountains, the Golden Meru, whose peaks are those of silver, emerald, rock-crystal, gold, and jewels. The Southern region of the sky here is of the colour of the blue lotus through the colour of the emerald peak; the Eastern white, the Western clear, the Northern golden. On the Northern side of this is the Jambu tree, whence this particular continent is called the Jambudwipa. On account of the of the movement of the Sun, it is always touched by night and day. To the North of this are tbree mountains, four thousand miles high, having blue and white peaks. Within these mountain-ranges are three countries, each 72,000 Miles--Ramanaka, Hiranmaya and the Uttara Kuru. To the South are the Mountains Nishada, Hemakuta and Hima, extending over 4,000 Miles; within these are three countries each 72,000 miles--The Harivansa, Kimpurusha and the Bharata. To the East of Meru are the Bhadraswas extending upto the Gandhamadana mountainsi; and to the West are the Ketumalas extending upto the Gandhamadana mountains. In the centre is the Ilavrita. Thus are the 8,000 miles on eacb side of the Meru surrounded by its half (wherefore Meru becomes their centre). Such is the Jambudwipa extending over 200,000 miles; surrounded by the salt Ocean, twice its size. Thenceforth follow the other continents--Saka, Suka, Krauncba, Salmala, Magadha, and Pushkara--each twice the size or the other; as also the seven Oceans--like heaps of oil-seed, interspersed with several mountains--of Sugarcane juice, Wine, Butter, Curd, Gruel, Milk, Pure Water.  Thus the seven continents,--resembling so many bangles, surrounded by the seven Oceans, together with the mountains visible and invisible, reach the extent of 4,00,00,00,000 miles.<p> All this with its position fixed, is contained in the Egg, which is the atomic part of Matter, the firefly in the sky.  Among the nether regions, in the Oceans, and among the mountains, live Asuras, Gandharvas, Kumaras, Kimpurushas, Yakshas, Rakshasas, Bhutas, Pretas, Pisachas, Apasmarakas, Brahmarakshasas, Kushmandas and the Vinayakas. In the continents live the righteous gods and men. The Sumeru is the garden house of the gods. In this are the parks,-- Misra, Nandana, Chaitraratha, and Sumanasa. The asssembly of the gods is the Sudharma; their city the Sudarsana, the the palace the Vaijayanta.<p> The planers and the Stars, bound to the Pole Star, and having their motions manifested by the constant action of the wind, and placed above the Meru, keep constantly revolving.  The inhabitants of the Mahendra are the six Divine Beings-- Tridashas, Agaishwattas, Yamyas, Tushitas, Aparinirmitavasavarti and the Parinirmitavasavarti,--all these Vrindarakas have an irresistible will, endued with the eight powers, Bouyancy and the rest, their span of life extending to a kalpa; they rejoice in sexuality, and are endowed with bodies born without sexual intercourse, have loving apsaras for their wives. In the Prajaptya Maharloka live the five Divine Beings--the Kumudas, the Ribhavas, Pratardanas, of the Anjanabhas, and the Prachitabhas. These having the great elements under their power, live in contemplation upto a thousand Kalpas.  In the first, Janaloka, of Brahma, there are the four divine beings, the Brahmapurohitas, the Brahmakayikas, the Brahmamahakayikas, and the Amaras-- these have command over the elements and the sense-organs.  In the second, the Tapoloka, of Brahma, there are the three Divine beings--the Abhaswaras, the Mahabhaswaras, and the Satyamahabhaswaras--having command over the elements, the senses and Nature--having their span of life double of one another; all living on contemplation, their semen withheld, their knowledge unobstructed in the higher regions, and in the lower regions having the objects all unveiled to their view. In third, the Satyaloka of Brahma, there are four Divine Beings--the Achyutas, the Suddhanivasas, the Satyabahs, and the Sanjnasanjis. These have no houses of their own, and abiding in themselves, living one over the other, commanding Nature, live so long as the creation lasts. Of these, the Achyutas rejoice in the bliss of argumentative meditation, the Suddhanivasas in the bliss of contemplative meditation, the Satyabhas in the contemplation of pare bliss; and the Sanjnasajnis rejoice in that of pure Egoism. These four exist in the three worlds (i.e., are not mukta.)<p> In fact all these seven worlds belong to Brahma. The disembodied ones and those that have been reolved into Nature however continue in the line of Emancipation and have no place in the ordinary world.<p> All this is to be directly perceived by the yogi, by Samyama in the Sun; as also by that in others. The Samyama is to be practised so long as these are not perceived.", 
"28. Sutra 28: In the moon, the knowledge of the Starry Regions.<p> Through Samyama in the moon the yogi is to know the position of the Stars.",
"29. Sutra 29: In the Polar Star, the knowledge of their motions.<p> By Samyama in the Polar Star one is to know the motion of the stars. By Samyama applied to the upper firmament one is to know them.",
"30. Sutra 30: In the circle of the navel, the knowledge of arrangement of the body.<p> By Samyama in the navel-circle, one is to know the arrangement of the body. In the body there are three humours--Wind, Bile and Phlegm; and there are seven substances--skin, blood, flesh, sinews, bone, marrow and semen-- these being named in order of externality (the most external being placed first).",
"31. Sutra 31: In the throat-pit the cessation of hunger and thirst.<p> Below the tongue there is a thread, below which is the throat, below which is the pit, by the Samyama of which, hunger and thirst cease to trouble the yogi.",
"32. Sutra 32: In the tortoise-tube, steadiness.<p> Below the abovementioned pit there is a tube of the shape of a tortoise (placed like a serpent or alligator), by Samyama whereof, the yogi attains to a steady position.", 
"33. Sutra 33: In the coronal light, vision of the Perfect ones.<p> Under the skull there is a hole effulgent with light--by Samyama whereof there is vision of the Perfect Ones, wandering midway between the Earth and Haven,", 
"34. Sutra 34: Or, from intuition (or insight), everything.<p> Intelligence is the Emancipator,--the forerunner of discriminative knowledge, as the Dawn is of Sunrise. On the production of intuitional insight, the yogi comes to know everything.",
"35. Sutra 35: In the heart, knowledge of mind.<p> In this city of Brahma (the body) there is a pit, the blutus-like house--therein results consciousness, from the Samyama whereof, results the knowldge of mind.", 
"36. Sutra 36: Experience is the undifferentiated conception of the attribute of goodness and the Spirit which, are quite unconnected; (and this experience) being for another's purpose, the knowledge of the Spirit arises from the Samyama on his own object.<p> The attribute of Sattva belonging to the Buddhi, and being of the nature of illumination, suppresses Rajas and Tamas, which are equally related to Sattva-- and thus develops into the cognition of the difference of the attribute of Sattva and the Parusha. The Spirit, being essentially pure, and solely consisting of intelligence, is absolutely dissimilar to the modifying attribute of Sattva. The undifferentiated conception of these two which are absolutely unconnected, is the Soul's Experience,--all objects being presented to him. This experiential conception of the attribute of Sattva being for another's purpose, is perceptible.  That which is distinct therefrom--i.e the Soul's conception consisting of pure intelligence,--by Samyama over this, there arises knowledge having the Soul for its object. The Soul is not perceived by the spiritual conception constituted by the sattva of Buddhi. In fact it is the Soul itself that perceives the conception based on its own nature; as has been declared-- 'Whereby is one to know the knower? (Brihadaranyaka Upanishad)",
"37. Sutra 37: Thence proceed intuitional cognition, audition, touch, vision, gustation and olfaction.<p> From intuition proceeds the cognition of the subtile, intercepted, remote, past and future objects; from audition proceeds the hearing of celestial sounds; from touch the cognition of celestial touch; from vision the consciousness of celestial form; from gustation, the cognisance of celestial taste; and from olfaction the cognisance of celestial smell;-- these are produced for ever.",
"38. Sutra 38: These are obstacles in (the way of) meditation; but perfections in the distractive (waking) state.<p> These--i.e. intuition and the rest appearing in one of meditative mind,--become obstacles; because they go against discriminative knowledge; but appearing in those of distracted minds, these are so many perfections. ",
"39. Sutra 39: From relaxation of the cause of bondage, and by a knowledge of the method of passing, (proceeds) the entrance of the mind into another body.<p> Of the fickle and unsteady mind, the confinement in the body is due to the force of karmic residua. The relaxation of this karma is the cause of bondage is brought about by the force of meditation. The knowledge of the method of passing of the mind too is produced by meditation.  On the decay of karma, and by the knowledge of the process of his own mind, the yogi infuses his mind into other bodies, after extracting it from his own. The mind thus infused becomes correlated to the senses; just as the bees follow their chief both when flying out and flying in, so the mind entering into another body is followed by the senses.",
"40. Sutra 40: From the subdual of udana, ascension and non-contact with water, mud, thorns and the like.<p> The function of the aggregate of the senses, characterised by Prana and the rest, constitutes Life. Its action is fivefold: (l) The Prana, extending from the heart and proceeding by the mouth and the nostrils; (2) the Samana, extending to the navel, so called from its levelling tendency; (3) the Apana, extending to the soles of the foot, so called from its declining or descending tendency; (4) the Udana, extending to the head, so called from its ascending tendency; (5) the pervading Vyana. Ot these Prana is the chief. From mastery over Udana results non-contact with water, mud, thorns, etc., as also ascension at the time of death. The operator attains to it in the character of Vasi (master).",
"41. Sutra 41: From mastery over Samyama, effulgence.<p> One who bas subdued the Samana burns (after death), by the fire raised out of his own body.",
"42. Sutra 42: From Samyama over the relation between the organ of hearing and akasa, perfect audition.<p> All auditory organs as also all sound have their abidance in Akasa; as has been declared: 'Those who have their audition extending over equal areas, have it limited to one area' (Panchashikha) (i.e. all organs of hearing exist in Akasa). This is the characteristic of Akasa, as also is unveiledness. Similarly, there being no covering for the unbodied, Akasa comes to have the property of omnipresence.  The organ of heariug is inferred from the perception of sound of two persons, deaf and otherwise: one perceives the sound, the other does not. Therefore it is only the organ of hearing which has sound for its object. To one who has practised Samyama over the relation of the organ of hearing and Akasa, accrues perfect audition.",
"43. Sutra 43: From the Samyama over the relation of the body and Akasa, (results) passage through space, from the acquisition of levity like that of cotton.<p> Whrever there is body, there is also Akasa, because it is this latter that gives it room. The relation between these is that of approach; from having Samyama over this and thereby subduing the relation, and acquiring the levity of light objects like cotton down to the atom, and thereby subduing the aforesaid relation, the yogi becomes buoyant; and by this buoyancy the yogi is able to walk on the surface of water; and also supporting himself by the spider's thread, he wanders in the luminous rays of the Sun; and thence proceeds his unobstructed passage in space.",
"44. Sutra 44: The external, unthought of junction (of the mind) is the 'Great Incorporeal'; thence the falling off of the veil of illumination.<p> The jnnction of the mind outside the body is called the incorporeal Dharana. It is called kalpita (thought of) when it is only the external function of the mind abiding in the body. When on the other hand, it is the external function of the mind outside the body, and as sach independent of it,--then it is called the Akalpita (unthought of).  Out of these two the yogi by the thought, accomplishes the unthought Great Incorporeal, by means of which he enters other bodies. From this Dharana results the falling of the veil--the threefold function of afflictions and karma, originating in foulness and darkness--of the Buddhic goodness which has the nature of illumination.",
"45. Sutra 45: Mastery over the elements, from the Samyama with reference to grossness, character, subtlety, concomitance and usefulncss.<p> The specific qualities sound and the rest, belonging to the Earth etc., together with the properties of shape and the rest, are named gross; this is the first form of the elements. The second form is their respective generic characteristic:--e.g. shape for the Earth, viscidity for the Water, heat for Fire, velocity for Air, omnipresence for Akasa,--all this is what is included in the term 'character.' The specific forms of these generic ones, are Sound and the rest. As has been declared: 'Of these (elements) included in one class (that of Element), the only differentiation is through their distinguishing properties.' In this system, Substance is the aggregate of the generic and specific characteristics. Because the aggregate exists in a two-fold manner--(1) One in which the distinct names of the constituent members are suppressed--as 'body,' 'tree,' 'forest,' 'crowd' etc.; and (2) that in which the constituent members are mentioned--as 'both men and which one portion are the 'men' and the other the 'gods'; and it is only by means of these two portions, that it is called an 'aggregate.' Again the aggregate may be through difference as well as non-difference, (1) as 'the grove of mangoes', 'a crowd of Brahmanas' (the genitive case always implying difference) ; (2) as 'mango-grove,' 'Brahmana-crowd' (there being non-difference of the aggregate from its constituent members). This again is two-fold: (1) Those that have their constituent members separated from another, and (2) those whose constituent members are not so separated. As examples of the first we have 'forest,' 'crowd' etc. (where the members forming the crowd exist separately); and those of (2) we have, 'tree,' 'body' and the like (which, have these members consisting in themselves).  Of these, Substance belongs to this second kind of aggregates--so holds Patanjali. Thus has been explained the 'form.'<p> Now what is the subtile form of these? (Reply:) The Rudimentary Elements, from which the gross Elements take their rise. The only constituent member of these is the atom, consisting of the generic aud specific (characteristics); and thus these form an aggregate of the class of those having their constituent members coexisting. The same case holds with all rudimentary elements. This is the third, 'Subtlety.'<p> Now begins (the consideration of) the fourth form of the elements: The attributes being of the nature of illumination, activity and inertness correlated to the character of their respective effects,--are mentioned by the word 'concomitance.'<p> Their fifth form is 'usefulness', fruition; the character of being for the purpose of experience and emancipation belonging to the attributes, and the attributes being related to the elements, gross as well rudimentary, as also to the elemental objects (jar, cow etc.),--all come to have a purpose.<p> Thus then from Samyama over the above-mentioned five forms, results the perception as well as the subdual of these.  Of these, by subduing the five elemental forms, the yogi becomes the 'conqueror of the elements'; and therefrom the elements along with Nature follow the dictates of his will-- just as the cow follows its calf.",
"46. Sutra 46: Therefrom proceed Attenuation and the rest; as also perfection of the body, and the non-destruction of its functions.<p> Of these, Attenuation is that whereby the Yogi becomes atomic; Levity or Buoyancy is that whereby he becomes light; by Illimitability he becomes great: by Prapti (Approach) he touches the moon by the finger-tip; 'Irresistible Will' is the non-frustration of desires, whereby he sinks in and rises to the surface of the earth as in water; by 'Subjection' he becomes the subduer of the elements and other objects, being himself unsubdued by others; by 'Supremacy' he becomes the dispenser of the origin, dissolution and position of the elements; 'Fulfilment of Desires' is the trathfalness of one's determination--i.e. the dispsition of the elements and their causes in accordance with his will or determination. Though having the power, he does not change the nature of things (does not make a moon of the sun and so on). Why? Because of their having been determined by the will of the Primeval Perfect Being (God) of the irresistible will. These are the eight Perfections or Occult Powers.<p> 'The perfection of the body' will be explained in the next aphorism.<p> 'The non-obtruction of its functions'--the earth does not obstruct, by its shape, the actions of the yogi's body, in as much as he enters even the stone; the viscid water wets him not; nor does the hot fire burn him; nor does the fast wind move him; and lastly even in the unveiled Akasa, he has his body veiled, in as much as he is invisible even to the Perfect Ones.",
"47. Sutra 47: Beauty (symmetry of form), Loveliness, Strength, and Adamantine Toughness (of the bcdy) constitute Bodily Perfection.<p> (The Yogi is) beautiful, lovely, bright, with superb strength, and with an adamantine body.",
"48. Sutra 48: From Samyama with regard to perception, nature, egoism, concomitance and usefulness, results mastery over the sense-organs.<p> Sound and the rest in their generic and the specific forms, constitute the perceived; the function of the senses with regard to this is perception; and this does not consist in the perception of the generic form alone; for how could the mind perceive any object together With its specific forms which has not been perceived?<p> 'Nature'--substance--sense-organ--is the aggregate 'with coexisting constituents,' of the specific and generic (effects) of the Buddhic Sattva which is of the nature of illumination.<p> Their third form is self-consciousness consisting in 'egoism' --the generic form of which the senses are the specific forms.<p> The fourth form are the Attributes, of the nature of Illumination, Activity and Inertness, consisting in ascertainment (the property of Buddhi,) which is constituted by the three attributes;--whereof the sense-organs together with self-consciousness, are the modifications. <p> The fifth form is the character of the Attributes,--that of being for the soul's purpose. <p> From gradually performing Samyama over these five forms, tbc yogi subdues each of them separately--and from their fivefold couquest proceeds the mastery over the senses.", 
"49. Sutra 49: Therefrom (proceed) fleetness like that of mind, un-instrumental perception, and complete mastery over Nature.<p> The acquiring of the supernataral movement of the body is 'Fleetness like that of mind.'<p> 'Uninstrumental Perception is the functioning of the senses of the Incorporeal (yogi) in accordance with the time, place and object desired by him.<p>'Mastery over Nature' is supremacy over all the modifications of Nature.<p> These three perfections are called 'Honey-like,' and proceed from the aforesaid mastery over the five sense-organs.",
"50. Sutra 50: Just as one has distinctive knowledge of the attribute of Sattva and Spirit, (their results) supremacy over all conditions, and aISO omniscience.<p> To one who rejoices in the supreme effulgence (the High Vashikara) of Buddhic goodness freed from all taint of Foulness and Darkness;--and who thus abides solely in the distinctive knowledge of Goodness and Spirit;--to such a one accrues the 'supremacy over all conditions'--i.e., all kinds of attributes, active and passive, repair to the absolute vision of their Lord, the Knower of the Field--(Spirit). 'Omniscience'--the simultaneous discriminative knowledge of the universal attributes, existing in their past, present and future states. This is the Vishoka (Sorrowless) Perfection, by attaining to which, the yogi becoming omniscient, wanders about, on the falling off of the bondage of distractions (or afflictions).",
"51. Sutra 51: From indifference even thereto, follows Isolation, the seed of evils having been destroyed. <p> When on the decay of trouble and actions, the yogi cogitates thus--'this distinctive cognition is a property of goodness which is among the avoidables, and the Soul is unmodifying and pure, other than Goodness'--then of this disattached yogi, the seeds of trouble becoming unproductive, like the burnt paddy-seed, disappear together with the mind.  And those having disappeared, the Soul does not again experience the three-fold pain. Thus the isolation of the Soul consists in his absolute separation from the attributes whose purpose has been fulfilled, and who are manifested in the form of the function of karmic troubles; then alone results the soul's abidance in his own pure--i.e. pure Sentience. ",
"52. Sutra 52: (There should be) avoidance of association with, and pride in, celestial temptations, for there is possibility of recurrence of evils.<p> There are four kinds of yogis:- (1) Prathamakalpika (neophyte of the first stage), (2) the Madhupratika, (3) The Prajnajyoti, and (4) The Atikrantabhavaniya: Of these, the one whose light (of intuition) has begun to operate is the first. The second is the 'truth-supporting-wisdom.' The subduer of the elements and the sense-organs is the third,--one who has taken protective measures towards that which has been felt (the conquest of the senses), and equipped with the means for the accomplishment of that which is to be felt (the vishoka etc.). The fourth is one who has gone beyond feeling; the one purpose of such a one is the retrograde activity (dissolution) of the mind; and to him belongs the sevenfold knowledge of the last stage.<p> To the Brahmana directly perceiving the Madhumati stage, the gods--perceiving the purity of his goodness--invite him to the powers: 'Well! come and enjoy yourselves here! Desirable are these pleasures! And desirable is this girl! This drug stops old age and death Airy is this conveyance! These are the Kalpa-trees! Sacred is the celestial Ganga! Pefect are the great Rishis! Excellent and agreeable are the Apsaras! Supernatural the Eye and the Ear! Adamantine the body! Thou hast acquired a right to all this by thy qaulities,--so come and have recourse to this undying undecaying abode, loved of the Gods.'<p> Being thus invited, the yogi is to think over the faults of attachment in this manner: 'Being broiled in the fire of metempsychosis, and passing through the dark abyss of birth and death, I have somehow or other acquired this light of yoga, the dispeller of the darkness of troubles. Of this light the airy objects (of sense) born of desire, are the opponents. So how am l, having acquired this light, to be deceived by a miragic longing for the sensuous objects, and thus make to burn in myself the dying embers of the fire of metempsychosis? So good bye, to you all dreamy sensuous objects, the desired of poor people!' In this determined attitude the yogi is to sit for meditation.  Having avoided association, he is also to avoid pride--i.e., (he is not to take pride) in the fact of his being invited even by the gods, because steeped in this pride and considering himself safe, he will not perceive himself caught up by the hair by Death. And then will negligence,--looking for another hole (discrepancy) in his conduct, and only suppressible by constant watchfulness, finding the above loophole,--will enliven the (sleeping) afflictions. Thence the possibility of evils. Thus for one who avoids both association and pride, the end will be strengthened, and the end to be contemplated will come up to the front.",
"53. Sutra 53: From Samyama over the moments and their order, the knowledge born of discrimination.<p> As the smallest division of matter is the atom, so the smallest division of time is the moment--which is the time taken by the motion of an atom from one place to another; and the uninterrupted flow of this is 'order.' Of moment and its order there is no aggregate; therefore Day, Month etc. are only aggregates of so many cognitions (each coming in one moment). Thus Time is devoid of reality, being a mere creation of the mind; but being correlated to the verbal cognitions, it appears as a distinct entity to ordinary people in the distracted state. The Moment thus becoming objective (i.e., an entity in itself) becomes also related to the (assumed) order; this order consists in the non-interruption of two moments,-- to this (order) the time-knowing yogis give the name 'Time'. Two moments cannot occur together; for no order is possible for any two things occurring simultaneously. Order is the sequence of the following moment from the preceding one.  Therefore the present is the only moment, there being none either past or future; and as such there is no collective term for it (as Time). The future and the past moments (those that are popularly so called) are to be explained as referring to the different modifications. Thus by means of a single moment does all the world experience modifications; and aIl the properties are mere encumbrances on this single moment.<p> By the Samyama over this moment and its order, there is direct perception of these, and thence proceeds the knowledge born of discrimination.",
"54. The object of the knowledge is now described:<p> Sutra 54: Therefrom results the knowledge of the (difference of) two similars, when that difference is not marked out by kind, character or position.<p> Two similar objects resembling each other in position and character, the ground of difference exists in the difference of kind,--as in the case of the cow and the horse.  When there is similarity of position and kind, then it exists in that of character--as the Kalakshi cow, and the Swastimati cow.  Of two fruits of the same kind and character, the ground of difference lies in the difference of their position--one above and the other below (in a tree). If however at the time of coming across the first, the mind of the agent is absorbed in the other, and as such the first one also is brought over to the place of the second, then the order of position becomes inexplicable by the ordinary process; but it comes from discriminative knowledge free from aIl doubt. How? The place occupied by the first fruit is different from that occupied by the second fruit; and these two fruits differ by the recognition of their respective positions; and the ground of difference between the two is the recognition of respective positions. By this example it is shown that the yogi recognises the difference between two atoms similar in kind, character and position, by the direct perception of the time and place related to the first atom, the perception of the place of the second atom being due to impossibility of the former place being occupied by the second atom simultaneously with the first.<p> Others on the other hand describe the process thus:--'It is the final specific property that produces the knowledge of difference. But in this case also the ground of difference is the difference in position and character, as also the difference in shape and kind. The difference in time is amenable to the perception of the yogi only.' Hence it has been declared: There is no real difference, in the absence of the differences of shape and kind' says Varshaganya.",
"55. Sutra 55: The knowldge born of discrimination is emancipative, omni-objective, semper-objective and simultaneous.<p> 'Emancipative'--Intuitional or non-experiential (vide. 3.33) 'Omni-objective'--there is nothing that is not perceptible to it.<p> 'Semper-objective'--knowing everything in all forms and conditions and at all time, past, present aad future.<p> 'Simultaneous'--perceiving every thing in every way, at the same moment. <p> Such is the knowledge born of discrimination, in its complete form. The light of yoga is a part thereof, so long as it is accomplished by resting on the 'honeyed' stage.", 
"56. To one who has acquired discriminative knowledge or to one who has not there accrues ...<p>Sutra 56: Isolation on the equality of the purity of Goodness and Soul.<p> When Buddhic Goodness being washed clear of all taint of Foulness and Darkness, and having its activity restricted to the recognition of the difference or goodness and the soul, the seed of troubles is burnt up, and then the Buddhi becomes similar to the Soul in purity. The purity of the Soul consists in the absence of imposed exprience. Under such circumstances, results Isolation to the perfect as well as to the imperfect,-- to one who has discriminative knowledge, and to one has not. On the attainment of wisdom by one who has burnt up the seeds of trouble there is no need for anything.  Perfections born of meditation as well as wisdom, are all included in the said Sattwic purity. As matter of fact however wisdom dispels the want of perception or ignorance, on the suppresion whereof the resultant troubles cease to come forth; and the absence of the troubles leads to absence of karmic fruition. In this state, the attributes, having all their functions finished, do not present themselves again to the soul's sight,--and in this lies the Soul's Isolation. In this state the Soul becomes isolated, in the pure effulgence of his own pristine form."
],[
"1: <em>To be added soon.</em>",
"2: <em>To be added soon.</em>",
"3: <em>To be added soon.</em>",
"4: <em>To be added soon.</em>",
"5: <em>To be added soon.</em>",
"6: <em>To be added soon.</em>",
"7: <em>To be added soon.</em>",
"8: <em>To be added soon.</em>",
"9: <em>To be added soon.</em>",
"10: <em>To be added soon.</em>",
"11: <em>To be added soon.</em>",
"12: <em>To be added soon.</em>",
"13: <em>To be added soon.</em>",
"14: <em>To be added soon.</em>",
"15: <em>To be added soon.</em>",
"16: <em>To be added soon.</em>",
"17: <em>To be added soon.</em>",
"18: <em>To be added soon.</em>",
"19: <em>To be added soon.</em>",
"20: <em>To be added soon.</em>",
"21: <em>To be added soon.</em>",
"22: <em>To be added soon.</em>",
"23: <em>To be added soon.</em>",
"24: <em>To be added soon.</em>",
"25: <em>To be added soon.</em>",
"26: <em>To be added soon.</em>",
"27: <em>To be added soon.</em>",
"28: <em>To be added soon.</em>",
"29: <em>To be added soon.</em>",
"30: <em>To be added soon.</em>",
"31: <em>To be added soon.</em>",
"32: <em>To be added soon.</em>",
"33: <em>To be added soon.</em>",
"34: <em>To be added soon.</em>"
]];
