an(1,2,"Compare with BG 2.48 equanimity is yoga (samatvaM yoga uchyate) and BG 2.50 yoga is working skillfully (yogaH karmasu kaushalam)"); 
an(1,7,"Note Patanjali uses agama and not shabda, sruti, veda, or nigama."); 
an(1,7,"Yoga limits us to the three pramanas of pratyaksha, anumana, and aagama, there are three other additional means of knowledge in other darshanas, namely upamaana (analogy), arthaapatti (common sense postulation), and anupalabdhi (non-perception for non-existence of an imperceptible). Carvaka (materialism) allow only the first. Vaisheshika (physics) allows only the first two. Sankhya, Yoga, Vishishtadvaita Vedanta, and Dvaita Vedanta schools allow the first three. Nyaya allows the first four. Prabhakara Mimamsa accepts five. Kumarila Bhatta Mimamsa, and Avaita Vedanta allow all six. Interestingly, most modern commentators on Patanjali do not limit themselves to the three pramanas: they use at least analogical reasoning, and many are light on agama, rarely going to pre-Patanjalic sources."); 
an(1,12,"Same prescription of abhyasa and vairagya to control the mind in BG 6.35");
an(2,29,"This is not a total ordering. Folks who do samyama and even attain (sabija) samadhi may not be firmly established in the yama-niyamas. While having some practice in the earlier angas help with the latter ones, such as pranayama with dharana, there may be a reason Patanjali put samadhi in ch.1, yama-niyama sadhana in ch.2, siddhis in ch.3, and kaivalya last in Ch.4.");
an(2,29,"There are other taxonomies of yoga: in contrast to eight limbed yoga in Patanjali's Yogasutras, the Gheranda Samhita has a seven limbed yoga, Goraksha Samhita has a six limbed yoga, and Hatha Yoga Pradipika has a four limbed yoga.");
an(2,30,"Ten yamas are codified in numerous Hindu texts including Yajnavalkya Smriti in verse 3.313, the Sandilya and Varaha Upanishads, the Hatha Yoga Pradipika by Svatmarama, and the Tirumantiram of Tirumular.");
an(2,31,"Note that the yamas are called out as universal, whereas, the niyamas are not; traditional dharmic concepts such as tapas, svadhyaya, and isvara may not be compatible with some other traditions.");
an(2,31,"It is misleading to compare the yama-niyamas with the biblical ten commandments. The yamas have some rough correspondence with the last five of the biblical ten commandments, if ahimsa is limited to not murdering; satya to not bearing false testimony; brahmacharya to not committing adultery; and aparigrapha to not coveting neighbor's possessions, wife, or servant. Only asteya (non-stealing) seems to carry through with similar import. Emphasizing bramhacharya, the church has been at times weigh against sauca, or at least make it difficult for the poor. The first five biblical commandments do not have good correpsondence with the niyamas, even Isvara Pranidhana in the sense of yoga. Again, I would say the yamas have a better shot at universality than the niyamas.");
an(2,32,"The Shandilya and Varaha Upanishads, the Hatha Yoga Pradipika, verses 552 to 557 in Book 3 of the Tirumandhiram of Tirumular all suggest ten niyamas.");
an(3,18,"3.16 talks about past and future, whereas, 3.18 discusses only past lives, suggesting no future lives (mukti)?");
an(3,18,"3.16 talks about knowledge of events across time, 3.17 about bhutas which are organizations of matter and energy in consciousness as a result of different transformations over time per 3.15, and then 3.18 gets to previous births of a human, the most advanced bhuta");
an(3,38,"Patanjali provided a smorgasbord of siddhis, just like in the Kathopanishad, in which Yama offers various wealths in lieu of an answer to Naciketa's third question of what happens after death. The concept of sreyas vs. preyas. If one got this far without getting stuck on vibhutis/siddhis, then the chapter on kaivalya is close at hand.");
